sim_seconds                                  0.076976                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 76975807500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               49026868636000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               58757229                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 60771254                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              131038893                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2603680                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   587.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 34515592279                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   35698685809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      1972704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_read::total      1972704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data         3392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         3392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       493176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_reads::total       493176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data          848                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::total          848                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     25627584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_read::total       25627584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data        44066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::total         44066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     25671650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::total      25671650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs               493176                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                 848                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts             493176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts               848                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM        15773184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ             8448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten            14528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys          1972704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys          3392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ             264                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts            389                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0        89733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1        42798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2        48826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3        53983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4        55164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5        55807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6        58951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7        87650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap            90877956500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2         493176                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2           848                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0           492912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15              15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16              16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples       493324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.002724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.001888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.295250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-39       493282     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-71           42      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total       493324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean 18879.538462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 16703.105992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  8632.167117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            2      7.69%      7.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      3.85%     11.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      3.85%     15.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      3.85%     19.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            2      7.69%     26.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            3     11.54%     38.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            2      7.69%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            2      7.69%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      3.85%     57.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            1      3.85%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      3.85%     65.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      3.85%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            1      3.85%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      3.85%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            2      7.69%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719            1      3.85%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      3.85%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      3.85%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32768-33791            1      3.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.461538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.421292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.207668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16            9     34.62%     34.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      3.85%     38.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18           12     46.15%     84.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::19            3     11.54%     96.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      3.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat           10255572742                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat      18610431142                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat          1577318400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat              20806.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat         37756.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                204.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys              25.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  2.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              2.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen               24.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits               42                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          9.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap              183954.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  45002860991                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT  25209390146                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0     14248118505.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1     10502325388.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2     10624205894.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3     15096733948.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0       9611825976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1     7084902048.000001                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2       7167123024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3      10184304648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0    11542566796.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1    8450706700.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2    8551190668.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3     12243042240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0   262175201.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1   262098063.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2   262217917.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3   261847987.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 294003158080.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 277334049461.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 277882697407.679993                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 297819842293.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0 2507223811152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1 2521845836256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2 2521364566128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3 2503875842544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   3630828024474.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   3619416286680.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   3619788369802.560547                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   3633417982423.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     78.784855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     78.537233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     78.545307                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     78.841054                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         3326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        13303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         9977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total                26606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks          26606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total               26606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks          26606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         3326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        13303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         9977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total               53212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                      64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  76738261000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                  64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           21                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   207.238095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   174.155952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.211721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     14.29%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      4.76%     19.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      4.76%     23.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     14.29%     38.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           13     61.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           21                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    30.606899                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.132892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                     1596800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                2681600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     27.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                     59                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               92.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 4796141312.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   89.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE   70209895907                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF     6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT        2355230                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                1384992                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           1481155.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           1411603.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           1355961.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                 934320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                 999192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                 952272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                 914736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               5331456                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          5671411.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          5335948.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          5129779.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         2395837.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         2524815.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         2398740.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         2342338.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       230503453643.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       230505478557.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       230504539726.080017                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       230503616982.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0       2562925306272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1       2562923530032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2       2562924353568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3       2562925162992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         3587375175283.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         3587376053925.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         3587375360620.800293                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         3587374891552.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.841977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.841996                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.841981                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.841971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst    208240576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     59147402                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        94203                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        97124                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        97603                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        91330                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    267768238                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst    208240576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    208240576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     14834256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         7859                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         8110                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         8145                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         7744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     14866114                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     52060144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     18187115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        94203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        97124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        97603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        91330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::total     70627519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      5415525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         3959                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         4081                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         4104                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         3901                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::total      5431570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2705273030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    768389497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1223800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1261747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1267970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1186477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3478602521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2705273030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2705273030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    192713224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       102097                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       105358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       105812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       100603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::total    193127094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2705273030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    961102720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1325897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1367105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1373782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1287080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3671729615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                 6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu2.data         6651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         9977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                16629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks          19954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               19954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks          19954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu2.data         6651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         9977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total               36583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  43322401000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.615385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.129882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.782384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     15.38%     15.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     15.38%     30.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287            9     69.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean            44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    33.941125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.597980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     1262520                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                1940520                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    31563.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               48513.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                     15.64                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 3938400090.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   85.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   70211564459                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT         686678                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           1458172.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           1411603.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           1494460.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           1487203.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                 983688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                 952272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                1008168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                1003272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          5592038.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1               5461248                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          5635468.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          5603020.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         2541818.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         2388787.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         2544721.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         2511544.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       230504723585.280029                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       230504163744.960022                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       230505682553.280029                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       230505634728                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0       2562924192288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1       2562924683376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2       2562923351088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3       2562923393040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         3587375860353.600586                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         3587375429793.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         3587376085223.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         3587376001570.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.841992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.841983                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.841997                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.841995                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      1989656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total      1989656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         3368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         3368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       497414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total       497414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total          842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     25847809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       25847809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data        43754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total         43754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     25891563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      25891563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs               497414                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                 842                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts             497414                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts               842                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM        15908736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ             8512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            14240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys          1989656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys          3368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ             266                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts            398                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0        73860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1        45151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2        46497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3        70611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4        48698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5        46457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6        62901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7       102973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap            90864212000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2         497414                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2           842                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0           497148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15              16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16              17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       497549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.002830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.001906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.320775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-39       497508     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-71           38      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-103            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       497549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 20185.120000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 19130.118931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6329.339146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      4.00%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            3     12.00%     16.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            2      8.00%     24.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      4.00%     28.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      4.00%     32.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            3     12.00%     44.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      4.00%     48.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            3     12.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      4.00%     64.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      4.00%     68.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            3     12.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            2      8.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      4.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      4.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::33792-34815            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.800000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.739666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.500000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            8     32.00%     32.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      4.00%     36.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            8     32.00%     68.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            5     20.00%     88.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20            2      8.00%     96.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21            1      4.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat           10384317536                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat      18810976136                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat          1590873600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              20887.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         37837.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                206.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              25.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  2.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              2.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               24.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits               44                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate          9.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap              182364.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  44753525629                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25458725508                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     10816295212.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     10710994694.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     10999360915.199999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     18037714262.399998                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0     7296707088.000001                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1       7225671024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2       7420203792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3      12168299304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    8708970316.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1      8622559296                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    8861579750.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3     14671171008                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   262958192.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   262410762.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   261554780.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3      261283968                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 278712184043.520020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 278263188057.599976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 279559504584                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 310932208641.599976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0 2520636946272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1 2521030802400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2 2519893682640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3 2492373766800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   3620370429888                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   3620051994996.480469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   3620932255224                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   3642380812746.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     78.557937                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     78.551027                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     78.570128                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     79.035537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      1960648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::total      1960648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data         3128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         3128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       490162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::total       490162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data          782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::total          782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     25470964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::total       25470964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data        40636                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::total         40636                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     25511600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::total      25511600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs               490162                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                 782                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts             490162                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts               782                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM        15677248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ             7936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten            13760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys          1960648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys          3128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ             248                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts            354                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0        52926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1        50091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2        66806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3        71709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4        58747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5        54681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6        65437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7        69517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3           46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap            90876283500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2         490162                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2           782                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0           489914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15              16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16              16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples       490305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.002545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.001746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.292612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-39       490267     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-71           37      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-103            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total       490305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean 20598.791667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 19039.180718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  7829.639861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      4.17%      4.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      4.17%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      4.17%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            2      8.33%     20.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            5     20.83%     41.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      4.17%     45.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            1      4.17%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            2      8.33%     58.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            1      4.17%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      4.17%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      4.17%     70.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            1      4.17%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      4.17%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      4.17%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719            1      4.17%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      4.17%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      4.17%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::37888-38911            1      4.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.916667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.862530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.411649                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16            7     29.17%     29.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18            8     33.33%     62.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::19            6     25.00%     87.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::20            3     12.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat           10183752935                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat      18487795235                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat          1567724800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat              20786.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat         37736.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                203.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys              25.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  2.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              2.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen               24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits               39                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          9.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap              185105.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  45169924242                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT  25042326895                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0     10851829027.199999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1     12457680681.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2     11656684771.199999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3     15587504956.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0       7320678312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1       8403990936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2       7863636552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3      10515380328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0    8738950771.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1    10064876889.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2      9403687488                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3    12648676185.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0   262470067.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1   262069447.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2   261958717.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3   261546071.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 278864944061.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 286035353216.640015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 282485855327.039978                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 300000057491.520020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0 2520502946256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1 2514213113664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2 2517326708304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3 2501963373072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   3620478187257.599609                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   3625373453597.760254                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   3622934899921.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   3634912906867.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     78.560275                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     78.666497                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     78.613583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     78.873492                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu2.data         6651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         6651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                13303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks          26606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               26606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks          26606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu2.data         6651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         6651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total               39909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          4                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            7                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  77004998000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                   32                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                  64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean          208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   169.058536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.217912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     18.75%     18.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     18.75%     37.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     62.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    26.415418                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.331615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                     1050400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                1592800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    102400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    32825.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               49775.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                     10.86                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     28.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               93.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 6417083166.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   91.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   70211045785                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT        1205352                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           1437004.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           1383177.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           1389830.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           1383782.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                 969408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                 933096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2           937584.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3           933504.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          5487206.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          5299507.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          5248089.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          5200665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         2518179.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         2385884.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         2352291.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         2358927.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       230504287631.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       230503837176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       230504935078.080017                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       230504521559.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0       2562924574704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1       2562924969840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2       2562924006768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3       2562924369504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         3587375642896.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         3587375177443.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         3587375238404.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         3587375136704.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.841987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.841977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.841979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.841976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      1939840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_read::total      1939840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data         3136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         3136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data       484960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_reads::total       484960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data          784                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::total          784                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     25200645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_read::total       25200645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data        40740                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::total         40740                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     25241385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::total      25241385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs               484960                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                 784                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts             484960                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts               784                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM        15510304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ             8416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten            13088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys          1939840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys          3136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ             263                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts            369                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0        85701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1        49100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2        43041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3        47950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4        46019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5        43235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6        70113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7        99538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0           47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2           49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5           48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6           48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap            90930834500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2         484960                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2           784                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0           484697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15              18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16              18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples       485070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.002375                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.001646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.275666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-39       485034     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::64-71           36      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total       485070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean 21128.956522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 19669.811500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  8117.414498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            2      8.70%      8.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      4.35%     13.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      4.35%     17.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      4.35%     21.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            2      8.70%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            3     13.04%     43.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            3     13.04%     56.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            2      8.70%     65.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      4.35%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            2      8.70%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            1      4.35%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            2      8.70%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32768-33791            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::46080-47103            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.782609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.752396                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.042572                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16            5     21.74%     21.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18           13     56.52%     78.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::19            5     21.74%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat           10131807352                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat      18347421502                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat          1551030400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat              20903.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat         37853.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                201.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys              25.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen               25.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits               36                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          8.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap              187199.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  45402447911                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT  24809803226                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0     14035287571.199999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1     10277670009.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2     9235566950.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3      17822609280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0       9468249552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1       6933348816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2       6230342784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3      12023188800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0    11366016230.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1      8264929920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2    7405858636.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3    14493192230.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0   262946580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1   262521492.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2      261522432                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3   261789096.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 293054352842.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 276321266913.599976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 271699687670.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 309966066083.520020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0 2508056096448                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1 2522734242000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2 2526788258880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3 2493221260272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   3630179317987.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   3618730347913.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   3615557606115.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   3641724474525.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     78.770779                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     78.522349                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     78.453504                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     79.021295                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    208788804                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     59259419                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        94539                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        96790                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        94882                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        93946                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    268428380                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    208788804                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    208788804                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     14867908                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         7912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         7940                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         7760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         7855                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     14899375                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     52197201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     18229040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        94539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        96790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        94882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        93946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::total     70806398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      5430850                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         3988                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         3998                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         3902                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         3952                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::total      5446690                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2712395112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    769844720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1228165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1257408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1232621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1220461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3487178488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2712395112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2712395112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    193150400                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       102786                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       103149                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       100811                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       102045                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::total    193559191                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2712395112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    962995120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1330951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1360557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1333432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1322506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3680737679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    206862208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     58812916                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        97926                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        95486                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       100917                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        95561                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    266065014                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    206862208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    206862208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     14754916                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         7974                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         7743                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         8192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         7753                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     14786578                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     51715552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     18073747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        97926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        95486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       100917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        95561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::total     70179189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      5380795                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         4017                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         3897                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         4127                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         3904                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::total      5396740                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2687366521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    764044158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1272166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1240468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1311022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1241442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3456475776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2687366521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2687366521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    191682510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       103591                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       100590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       106423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       100720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::total    192093834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2687366521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    955726668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1375757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1341058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1417445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1342162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3648569611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst    207271856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     58948864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        91764                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        96936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        98846                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        99739                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    266608005                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst    207271856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    207271856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     14774361                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         7785                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         8116                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         8380                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         8285                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     14806927                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     51817964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     18112879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        91764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        96936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        98846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        99739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::total     70318128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      5388408                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         3924                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         4081                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         4225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         4175                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::total      5404813                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2692688297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    765810271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1192115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1259305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1284118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1295719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3463529824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2692688297                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2692688297                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    191935122                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       101136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       105436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       108865                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       107631                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::total    192358190                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2692688297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    957745393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1293250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1364740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1392983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1403350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3655888014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        13303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        13303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total                26606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks          29931                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total               29931                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks          29931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        13303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        13303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total               56537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                   2560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           18                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  76980834000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                  72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           21                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.613280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    79.219045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     14.29%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     14.29%     28.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287           15     71.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           21                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    21.715341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.653328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean     26.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    26.415418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     4.618802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               2     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::32               1     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                     1684064                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                2768864                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    26313.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               43263.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                     67                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               93.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 4528284352.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   90.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE   70210453027                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF     6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT        1798110                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           1430956.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           1490227.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           1413417.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           1385596.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                 965328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                1005312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                 953496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                 934728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               5463744                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          5731315.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          5384371.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          5280537.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         2492052.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         2481684.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         2398740.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3              2322432                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       230504787717.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       230505155271.360016                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       230504918333.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       230504722928.640015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0       2562924136032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1       2562923813616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2       2562924021456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3       2562924192864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         3587375644592.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         3587376046188.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         3587375458577.279785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         3587375207849.280273                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.841987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.841996                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.841983                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.841978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst    209473020                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     59388687                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        90075                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        93824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        93341                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        95245                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    269234192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst    209473020                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    209473020                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     14908406                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         7466                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         7728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         7773                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         7868                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     14939241                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst     52368255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     18280050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        90075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        93824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        93341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        95245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::total     71020790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      5450162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         3752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         3888                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         3912                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         3965                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::total      5465679                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2721283827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    771524053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1170173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1218876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1212602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1237337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3497646868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2721283827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2721283827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    193676513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data        96992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       100395                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       100980                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       102214                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::total    194077094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2721283827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    965200566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1267164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1319272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1313582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1339551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3691723961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total              1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                  5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                 5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu2.data         9977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         6651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                16629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks          16629                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               16629                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks          16629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu2.data         9977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         6651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total               33257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                  1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                   1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  76997154000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                   40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                  40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.555556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.194934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.093035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     11.11%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     77.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean            48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    48.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48               1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                     1366760                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                2044760                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                    128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    34169.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               51119.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     31.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               50.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 7699715400.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   68.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   70211028201                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT        1222936                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           1476316.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           1400716.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           1435795.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           1449705.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                 995928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                 944928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                 968592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                 977976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0               5568576                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          5396851.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          5379379.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          5560588.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         2587852.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         2388787.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         2429015.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         2445189.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       230505024490.560028                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       230503863168                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       230505453714.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       230504878169.280029                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0       2562923928336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1       2562924947040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2       2562923551824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3       2562924056688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         3587375950262.400391                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         3587375310253.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         3587375587081.920410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         3587375737079.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.841994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.841980                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.841986                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.841989                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      1994592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::total      1994592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         3872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         3872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       498648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::total       498648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data          968                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::total          968                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     25911933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::total       25911933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data        50302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::total         50302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     25962235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::total      25962235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs               498648                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                 968                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts             498648                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts               968                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM        15946272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ            10464                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten            17056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys          1994592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys          3872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ             327                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts            443                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0        60672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1        53423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2        94940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3        52898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4        49463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5        45709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6        53382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7        87834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2           68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3           69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4           67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5           69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6           71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7           71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap            90871226000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2         498648                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2           968                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0           498321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24              33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples       498806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.003079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.002116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.320368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-39       498759     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-71           46      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-103            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total       498806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean 16856.700000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 15286.381285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  7523.598612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            2      6.67%      6.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            3     10.00%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      3.33%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      3.33%     23.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            2      6.67%     30.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            2      6.67%     36.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            3     10.00%     46.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            2      6.67%     53.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            2      6.67%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            1      3.33%     63.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            2      6.67%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            3     10.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      3.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            2      6.67%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            1      3.33%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      3.33%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::39936-40959            1      3.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.766667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.727031                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.194335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16            8     26.67%     26.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18           14     46.67%     73.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::19            7     23.33%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      3.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat           10379323910                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat      18825864860                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat          1594627200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat              20828.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat         37778.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                207.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys              25.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  2.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              2.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen               25.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits               48                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          9.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap              181882.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  44708104244                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT  25504146893                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0     10855825545.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1      14328171648                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2     10152951177.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3     14971472611.199999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0       7323374376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1       9665830080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2       6849213096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3      10099802952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0      8742202560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1    11607901593.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2    8162303385.599999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3     12139328448                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0   262424033.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1   262676597.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2   262099722.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3   262134558.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 278895132210.239990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 294378611754.239990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 275789066595.840027                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 297268264146.239990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0 2520476465424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1 2506894465824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2 2523201084384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3 2504359683024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   3620491792911.360352                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   3631074026259.840332                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   3618353087123.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   3633037054502.400391                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     78.560570                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     78.790193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     78.514163                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     78.832788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    207032776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     58847302                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        98450                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       100144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        93136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        95785                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    266267593                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    207032776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    207032776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     14764406                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         7885                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         8139                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         7582                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         7909                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     14795921                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst     51758194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     18086881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        98450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       100144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        93136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        95785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::total     70232590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      5385365                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         3973                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         4095                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         3808                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         3988                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::total      5401229                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2689582386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    764490869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1278973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1300980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1209939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1244352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3459107499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2689582386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2689582386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    191805796                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       102435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       105735                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data        98498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       102747                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::total    192215210                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2689582386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    956296665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1381408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1406715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1308437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1347099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3651322709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                 12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                 7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        19954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        19954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total                39909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks          23280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total               23280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks          23280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        19954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        19954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total               63189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                         12                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                         7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                       96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  3072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   3072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           21                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  76986406000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                   96                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                  56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean          224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.135395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.898192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     12.50%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           18     75.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    29.073929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.716402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     2834760                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                4461960                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    307200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    29528.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               46478.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     29.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      84                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate              107.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 4051916105.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   94.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE   70210096877                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        2154260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           1430956.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           1483574.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           1322092.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           1503532.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                 965328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1           1000824.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                 891888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                1014288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0               5336448                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          5585049.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          5048409.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          5627980.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         2574581.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         2551357.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         2259394.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         2574996.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       230503945029.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       230505231660.480011                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       230503219606.080017                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       230505908054.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0       2562924875232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1       2562923746608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2       2562925511568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3       2562923153280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         3587375496337.920410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         3587375967836.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         3587374621721.280273                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         3587376150894.719727                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.841984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.841994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.841965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.841998                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      1998064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::total      1998064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         3432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         3432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data       499516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::total       499516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data          858                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::total          858                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     25957039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::total       25957039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data        44585                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::total         44585                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     26001624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::total      26001624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs               499516                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                 858                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts             499516                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts               858                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM        15975616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ             8896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten            14496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys          1998064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys          3432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ             278                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts            403                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0        65429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1        60677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2        56034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3        43730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4        50551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5        68706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6        55173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7        98938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap            90932165500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2         499516                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2           858                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0           499238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       499655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.002306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.001598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.271613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-39       499619     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-71           36      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       499655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean 19663.640000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 18709.746289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5878.093993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      4.00%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.00%      8.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      4.00%     12.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      4.00%     16.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      4.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      4.00%     24.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      4.00%     28.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      4.00%     32.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      4.00%     36.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            1      4.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            2      8.00%     48.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            1      4.00%     52.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            2      8.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      4.00%     64.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22015            3     12.00%     76.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::23040-23551            1      4.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26111            1      4.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27135            1      4.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28160-28671            1      4.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30207            1      4.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30208-30719            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean    18.120000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.074214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.301281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            5     20.00%     20.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           11     44.00%     64.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            5     20.00%     84.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20            4     16.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat           10420407815                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat      18882491915                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat          1597561600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat              20872.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat         37822.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                207.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys              25.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  2.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              2.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits               36                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          7.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap              181728.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  44673416456                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT  25538834681                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0     11372614444.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1     10327740796.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2     11833627478.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3     17153448278.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0     7672001808.000001                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1     6967126728.000001                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2       7983002664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3      11571770664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    9168660633.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1    8306869209.599999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2    9549615129.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3    13940887334.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   262628490.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   262026316.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   262116311.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3   261713617.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 281183989317.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 276547141880.640015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 283267972281.599976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 306981830280.960022                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0 2518468696032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1 2522536106064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2 2516640640800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3 2495839010976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   3622064959488                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   3618883379758.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   3623473343426.880371                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   3639685029913.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     78.594706                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     78.525670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     78.625267                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     78.977042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      2046228                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::total      2046228                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         2976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         2976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data       511557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::total       511557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data          744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::total          744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     26582742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::total       26582742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data        38661                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::total         38661                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     26621403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::total      26621403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs               511557                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                 744                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts             511557                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts               744                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM        16361984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ             7840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten            12992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys          2046228                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys          2976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ             245                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts            349                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0        52854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1        65597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2        58176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3        46397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4        54679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5        53127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6        67640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7       112842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap            90890071000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2         511557                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2           744                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0           511312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15              15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16              16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       511680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.002376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.001647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.275757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-39       511642     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-71           38      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       511680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean 22850.391304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 21362.022862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  8732.446298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      4.35%      4.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            1      4.35%      8.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            2      8.70%     17.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            3     13.04%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            1      4.35%     34.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            3     13.04%     47.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            1      4.35%     52.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      4.35%     56.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      4.35%     60.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            1      4.35%     65.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      4.35%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      4.35%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      4.35%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            2      8.70%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      4.35%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::39936-40959            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::45056-46079            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.652174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.612859                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.191206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            7     30.43%     30.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           10     43.48%     73.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            6     26.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat           10668017343                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat      19334755743                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat          1636198400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat              20864.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat         37814.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                212.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys              26.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  2.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              2.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen               25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits               38                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          9.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap              177415.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  44075695312                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT  26136555825                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0      11131099056                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1      11018415744                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2     10645519651.199999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3      19339538400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0       7509074760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1       7433058240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2       7181501352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3      13046514000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0      8968951680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1    8876310643.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2    8569191820.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3    15745428441.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0   262861148.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1   262490388.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2   261877847.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3   261606620.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 280113884012.160034                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 279629142076.799988                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 277981619895.359985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 316728418896                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0 2519407384896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1 2519832597120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2 2521277792016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3 2487289371840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   3621329624314.560547                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   3620988382974.719727                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   3619853871344.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   3646347246960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     78.578750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     78.571346                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     78.546728                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     79.121604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    207366968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     58945054                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       101528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        91409                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        95980                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        98219                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    266699158                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    207366968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    207366968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     14780674                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         8444                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         7620                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         7949                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         8062                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     14812750                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst     51841742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     18116797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       101528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        91409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        95980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        98219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total     70345675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      5392339                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         4253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         3834                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         4004                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         4057                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total      5408488                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2693923906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    765760775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1318960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1187503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1246885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1275972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3464714001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2693923906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2693923906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    192017135                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       109697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data        98992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       103266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       104734                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           13                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total    192433837                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2693923906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    957777910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1428657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1286495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1350151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1380707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3657147838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      2005532                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::total      2005532                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         3412                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         3412                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       501383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::total       501383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data          853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::total          853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     26054056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::total       26054056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data        44326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::total         44326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     26098382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::total      26098382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs               501383                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                 853                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts             501383                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts               853                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM        16036032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ             8224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten            15136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys          2005532                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys          3412                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             257                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts            383                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0        70168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1        54188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2        50188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3        63859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4        74273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5        64635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6        43205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7        80610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap            90895515500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2         501383                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2           853                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0           501126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15              15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16              16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       501557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.002680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.001802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.313036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-39       501518     99.99%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-71           36      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-103            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       501557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean 18526.962963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 16337.695134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  7592.964104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      3.70%      3.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      3.70%      7.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      3.70%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      3.70%     14.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            4     14.81%     29.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            2      7.41%     37.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            2      7.41%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            4     14.81%     59.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      3.70%     62.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            2      7.41%     70.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            2      7.41%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            2      7.41%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            2      7.41%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      3.70%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::43008-44031            1      3.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.518519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.465900                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.396985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           10     37.04%     37.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      3.70%     40.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           11     40.74%     81.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            3     11.11%     92.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      3.70%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21            1      3.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat           10417910608                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat      18911996308                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat          1603603200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat              20789.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat         37739.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                208.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys              26.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  2.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              2.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen               24.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits               42                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          8.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap              180981.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate              0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  44614533373                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT  25597717764                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0     11995244553.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1     11808499852.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2     13257891561.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3     14467382697.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0       8092030056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1     7966051488.000001                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2       8943815736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3       9759742296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0    9682599513.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1    9528386150.400002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2    10725519667.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3    11723323622.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0   262522736.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1   262460528.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2   261769190.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3   262063641.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 283966881621.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 283149097896.960022                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 289618896522.239990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 295017256042.559998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0 2516027562432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1 2516744916576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2 2511069654624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3 2506334251536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   3623963209675.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   3623395781255.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   3627813916063.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   3631500388598.400391                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     78.635896                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     78.623584                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     78.719452                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     78.799444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst    204981276                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     58371411                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       100606                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       100081                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        95176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        98744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    263747294                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst    204981276                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    204981276                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     14644008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         8132                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         8020                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         7648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         7977                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     14675785                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst     51245319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     17921406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       100606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       100081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        95176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        98744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::total     69561332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      5332107                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         4091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         4042                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         3847                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         4011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::total      5348098                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2662931155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    758308524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1306982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1300162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1236440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1282793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3426366057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2662931155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2662931155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    190241694                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       105644                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       104189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data        99356                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       103630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::total    190654512                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2662931155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    948550218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1412626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1404350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1335796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1386423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3617020568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                  9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         6651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        13303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         9977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                29931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks          33257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total               33257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks          33257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         6651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        13303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         9977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total               63189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          9                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                        10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                      80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                   2816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           12                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  77006447000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   72                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                  80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean          212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   181.733377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.843819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      4.17%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      4.17%     20.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     16.67%     37.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287           15     62.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean            26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    23.303605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.143756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    21.895196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.449490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::19               1     25.00%     25.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::21               1     25.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               2     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     3216992                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                4437392                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    230400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    44680.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               61630.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     29.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                     72                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               90.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 4052970894.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   88.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE   70209404325                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT        2868813                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           1393459.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           1522281.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           1411603.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           1380758.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                 940032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1           1026936.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                 952272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3           931464.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          5383372.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          5751782.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          5328460.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               5201664                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         2458460.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         2582461.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         2348974.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         2339435.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       230503268197.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       230506278727.680023                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       230505371470.080017                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       230504703284.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0       2562925470240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1       2562922829424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2       2562923625264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3       2562924211392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         3587375282523.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         3587376360375.360352                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         3587375406806.400391                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         3587375136760.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.841979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.842003                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.841982                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.841976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                 6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu2.data         6651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         3326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                 9977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks          19954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               19954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks          19954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu2.data         6651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         3326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total               29931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                    768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           13                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  77003327000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                   24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                  48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   209.454545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.197649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.639002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     18.18%     18.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     18.18%     36.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     63.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean            12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    11.313708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     5.656854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                      972568                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                1379368                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                     76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    40523.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               57473.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     29.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 8555925222.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   84.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   70210966474                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     6763685400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT        1284663                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0                1617840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           1428537.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2                1632960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           1527724.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                1091400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                 963696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                1101600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                1030608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          6151142.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          5479718.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          6130675.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          5804198.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         2813875.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         2455142.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         2767011.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         2581217.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       793936368762.240112                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       230506352052.480011                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       230504364731.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       230507086285.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       230505708983.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0       2562922763808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1       2562924507072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2       2562922119744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3       2562923327904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         3587377158880.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         3587375567660.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         3587377207038.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         3587376349397.760254                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.842020                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.841986                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.842021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.842003                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             3079441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            3079441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             127795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            127795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                59                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1529                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              80                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               24                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      6417538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6417768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6417768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          460                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      3362019                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      3362479                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3362479                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1539720500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   3079906000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127795000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63897500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       973500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       788000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       764500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        40000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        14000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       396000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         4124                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       120820                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         3825                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         7152                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        14998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        54500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         3000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         9000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          7952                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                       127973                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                   3207091                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                         7941                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                 14499                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                  3207091                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                      127966                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                56000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               23998                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime              57500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                             3029                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    3222    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               77000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 115                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1668464000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             3207284                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         3144239500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            3207340                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq            3079365                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp           3079365                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq            127756                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp           127756                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback               59                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              64                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             80                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               24                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              24                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       198100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       202254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       211718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       201890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       196094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       204300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       196744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       192442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      1603629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           29                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       199370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       204564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       205744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       201510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       196996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       199578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       199254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       196498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      1603623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       204346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       201032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       203022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       204842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       199918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       199914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       197914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       192578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      1603628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       204754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       198908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       200712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       203428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       198986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       203588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       198698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       194486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      1603629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               6414509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       102962                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       104865                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       109933                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       104800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       101926                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       106248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       102107                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       100121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total       840386                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       103660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       106221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       106814                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       104775                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       102479                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       103731                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       103650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       102242                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total       843300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       106178                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       104560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       105273                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       106303                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       103874                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       103977                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       102971                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       100039                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total       838295                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       106412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       103384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       104364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       105674                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       103345                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       105895                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       103390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       100918                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total       840038                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                3362019                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3693225400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   7580475376                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    272531600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    177553500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       554600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        89600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        22400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       111920                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        33600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       235916                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        10093                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          676                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      2504600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp         6500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       166600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                        10769                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           1                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                  3207091                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                       10769                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime              2671200                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                 3207091                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          1                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                6500                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime            2671200                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime              6500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy              78800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 22                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy              69000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 15                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy              58200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 13                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy              90600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy             112000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 40                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy              89200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 18                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             123400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 31                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy             121000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 35                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy          498786800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded             403285                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy          498658800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded             403379                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy         507413800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded            410598                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy         501630600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded            405835                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy         489706200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded            395997                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy         499437600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded            403690                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy         490284200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded            396305                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy         479797000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded            388002                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        1939551272                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            801808                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        1939549859                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            801802                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        1939658117                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            801807                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        1939617464                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            801808                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       6                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide     0.750000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.750000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq      3079365                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp      3079365                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq       127756                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp       127756                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback           59                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           16                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           80                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           24                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           24                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      1603629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      1603623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      1603628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      1603629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      6414509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       840386                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       843300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       838295                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       840038                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      3362019                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2463492000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2771521500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    114980400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    102204800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       236000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        51200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        12800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        64000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        19200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        96000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         9812                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp          575                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      4359899                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       252400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                 10387                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess            3207091                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess           3207091                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                10386                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime       4611799                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime      4612299                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    644696900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       801821                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    644705100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       801821                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    644694000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       801821                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    644695600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       801821                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   2873886300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      3207225                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            3090732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3090732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            127795                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           127795                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             1774                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1597                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              190                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             190                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1605580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1610719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1606958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1604591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               6438764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       284416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1110924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       297216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1094406                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       270080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1101182                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       284416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1100410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       116736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        61989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5723579                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1545561109                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   3321392293                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127803483                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63899494                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     57657495                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       798999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       770000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        56000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        97495                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      3998496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         6056                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          215                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         3782                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           76                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           74                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           63                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           30                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     40857999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      3187992                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      3109500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2097000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       699000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1553000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        59000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       594497                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        74000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        10118                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         226                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                  3207091                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                        8697                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime             21961000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                 3207091                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           48911496                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           3320992                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                            6720                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            16423                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 16423    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              16423                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1732696081                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            3223629                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          36112989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              1111                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         834546955                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            803374                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             48499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                48                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          37737490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              1161                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         835396945                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            805945                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy             50499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                50                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         34292489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded             1055                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        834771959                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           804064                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            74998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               74                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         36110992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded             1111                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        837858967                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           802982                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy            80499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded               80                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy           130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy            32500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy            98000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy           130999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         14821996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              456                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          8125997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              307                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access              51841742                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access              24007392                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            498256                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles               153951616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts           49229318                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps             49229492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     40481821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                174                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      5840115                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts            40481821                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads     72857832                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes     29248438                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    203531109                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     31277974                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs             24007392                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts           18614211                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts           5393181                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles         153951616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                  8747845                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         25222100     51.23%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead        18614211     37.81%     89.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        5393181     10.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total          49229492                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       497414                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       497414    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       497414                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          842                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          842    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          842                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 25849759.646616                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 23510669.554638                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         2554     33.18%     33.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          203      2.64%     35.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          249      3.24%     39.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          257      3.34%     42.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          287      3.73%     46.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          296      3.85%     49.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          397      5.16%     55.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          432      5.61%     60.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          606      7.87%     68.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          389      5.05%     73.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          300      3.90%     77.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          201      2.61%     80.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          225      2.92%     83.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          217      2.82%     85.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          268      3.48%     89.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          487      6.33%     95.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          329      4.27%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 25847809.391282      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes           1989656                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 43757.308042                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 320922.878754                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         7534     97.88%     97.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           44      0.57%     98.45% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           16      0.21%     98.66% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           48      0.62%     99.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           34      0.44%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           10      0.13%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            4      0.05%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            2      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 43754.006738      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3368                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       497414                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45541.648406                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43241.291194                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20066.275889                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          266      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       467242     93.93%     93.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535           98      0.02%     94.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          102      0.02%     94.03% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          108      0.02%     94.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         6460      1.30%     95.35% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        23132      4.65%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       497414                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          842                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          842    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          842                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       497414                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   182673.209841                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  19908622.935713                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          181      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       244995     49.25%     49.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       107228     21.56%     70.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        17460      3.51%     74.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          165      0.03%     74.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        92153     18.53%     92.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          110      0.02%     92.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          169      0.03%     92.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          144      0.03%     93.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           91      0.02%     93.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           44      0.01%     93.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           30      0.01%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        34644      6.96%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        40500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  13992592500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total        497414                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          842                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 109127326.603325                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 579543572.701227                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          271     32.19%     32.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     32.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     32.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          181     21.50%     53.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     53.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     53.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     53.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     53.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     53.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     53.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          127     15.08%     68.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     68.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     68.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     68.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     68.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     68.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     68.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     68.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          263     31.24%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  15588499500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          842                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        498256                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     182364.511416                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    19891788.100741                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          542      0.11%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          321      0.06%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          278      0.06%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       244996     49.17%     49.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       107228     21.52%     70.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        17543      3.52%     74.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           36      0.01%     74.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        92153     18.50%     92.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          109      0.02%     92.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           88      0.02%     92.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          147      0.03%     93.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          102      0.02%     93.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           44      0.01%     93.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           30      0.01%     93.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        34639      6.95%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  13992592500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total          498256                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.292192                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.454800                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5448     70.78%     70.78% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2249     29.22%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         7697    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean    64.624399                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    58.769984                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         2659     34.55%     34.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          347      4.51%     39.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          415      5.39%     44.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          452      5.87%     50.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          619      8.04%     58.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          812     10.55%     68.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          575      7.47%     76.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          337      4.38%     80.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          330      4.29%     85.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          415      5.39%     90.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          736      9.56%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.109393                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.802307                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0           7451     96.80%     96.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1             83      1.08%     97.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2             44      0.57%     98.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3             16      0.21%     98.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4             45      0.58%     99.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              3      0.04%     99.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6             34      0.44%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8             10      0.13%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             4      0.05%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             2      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             2      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     70843089                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     70843089                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      5409330                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      5409330                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave       996512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     47018272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     48014784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    103683484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total    103683484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       806570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       806570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total     152504838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave      1993024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     73725728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     75718752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    207366968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total    207366968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       419212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       419212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total      283504932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  35421544500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  75398626000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   5409330000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   3686984000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     27693973                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     47547710                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       212127                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       493751                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2757992000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  23409310500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5840000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     98750700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq             27906100                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp            48041461                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           403285                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail               38543                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     20072500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          403285                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail                993                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       201600                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   2763832000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  23508061200                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    249549000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       498256                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  40581325500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         52.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     75754163                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  25586602300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         33.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     24007392                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  53028023200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         68.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     51841742                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    470984500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       403285                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access              51758194                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access              23972620                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            500374                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles               153951616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts           49146043                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps             49146219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     40415798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                176                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      5829000                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts            40415798                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads     72746564                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes     29200487                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    203197848                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     31221433                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs             23972620                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts           18586397                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts           5386223                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles         153951616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.Branches                  8730597                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         25173599     51.22%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead        18586397     37.82%     89.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        5386223     10.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total          49146219                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       499516                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       499516    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       499516                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          858                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          858    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          858                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 25958997.011823                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 23679714.961483                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         2595     33.71%     33.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          183      2.38%     36.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          246      3.20%     39.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          243      3.16%     42.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          285      3.70%     46.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          294      3.82%     49.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          389      5.05%     55.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          421      5.47%     60.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          521      6.77%     67.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          439      5.70%     72.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          322      4.18%     77.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          239      3.11%     80.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          206      2.68%     82.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          207      2.69%     85.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          262      3.40%     89.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          508      6.60%     95.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          337      4.38%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 25957038.514991      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes           1998064                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 44588.800831                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 318074.934038                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         7537     97.92%     97.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           39      0.51%     98.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           10      0.13%     98.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           52      0.68%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           34      0.44%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.01%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            7      0.09%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06           11      0.14%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            5      0.06%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 44585.436795      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3432                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       499516                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45527.151282                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43222.481811                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20086.906714                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          278      0.06%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       469225     93.94%     93.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535          116      0.02%     94.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          100      0.02%     94.03% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          123      0.02%     94.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         6237      1.25%     95.31% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        23434      4.69%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       499516                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          858                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          858    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          858                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       499516                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   182040.546249                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  19880728.206772                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            7      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          186      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       248148     49.68%     49.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       105079     21.04%     70.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        19868      3.98%     74.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          170      0.03%     74.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        90811     18.18%     92.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          118      0.02%     92.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          167      0.03%     93.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          135      0.03%     93.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           85      0.02%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           60      0.01%     93.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           33      0.01%     93.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        34649      6.94%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14000564000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total        499516                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          858                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 105597180.652681                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 546474555.888110                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          275     32.05%     32.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     32.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     32.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          186     21.68%     53.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     53.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     53.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     53.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     53.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     53.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     53.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          135     15.73%     69.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     69.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     69.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     69.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     69.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     69.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     69.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     69.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          262     30.54%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14962271500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          858                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        500374                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     181728.398158                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    19863671.349430                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          557      0.11%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          335      0.07%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            1      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          287      0.06%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       248148     49.59%     49.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       105079     21.00%     70.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        19946      3.99%     74.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           31      0.01%     74.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        90811     18.15%     92.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          118      0.02%     92.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           90      0.02%     93.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          142      0.03%     93.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           91      0.02%     93.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           60      0.01%     93.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           33      0.01%     93.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        34645      6.92%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14000564000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total          500374                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.302326                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.459295                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5370     69.77%     69.77% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2327     30.23%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         7697    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean    64.897493                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    59.199614                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         2694     35.00%     35.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          331      4.30%     39.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          390      5.07%     44.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          457      5.94%     50.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          601      7.81%     58.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          737      9.58%     67.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          631      8.20%     75.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          379      4.92%     80.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          309      4.01%     84.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          396      5.14%     89.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          772     10.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.111472                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.795187                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0           7452     96.82%     96.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1             85      1.10%     97.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2             39      0.51%     98.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3             10      0.13%     98.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4             47      0.61%     99.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              5      0.06%     99.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6             34      0.44%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.01%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8              6      0.08%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.01%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10            11      0.14%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             5      0.06%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     70732106                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     70732106                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      5402087                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      5402087                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      1000748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     46944492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     47945240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port    103516388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total    103516388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       806758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       806758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count::total     152268386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      2001496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     73611708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     75613204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port    207032776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total    207032776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       419030                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       419030                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size::total      283065010                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  35366053000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  75280717200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   5402087000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   3681498500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     27650078                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     47469186                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       213665                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       495938                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2754159000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  23369164600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5695500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     99189100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq             27863743                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp            47965124                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           403379                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail               38460                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     19994500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          403379                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                904                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       183800                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   2759854500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  23468353700                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    250616000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       500374                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  40517524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         52.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     75633819                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  25547515500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         33.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     23972620                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  52943431000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         68.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     51758194                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    471269200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       403379                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access              51245319                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access              23765814                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            512301                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles               153951614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts           48663448                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps             48663606                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     40036992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                158                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      5763111                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts            40036992                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads     72100137                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes     28940951                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    201289707                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     30895066                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs             23765815                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts           18432964                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts           5332851                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles         153951614                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.Branches                  8626772                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         24897791     51.16%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead        18432964     37.88%     89.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        5332851     10.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total          48663606                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       511557                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       511557    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       511557                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          744                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          744    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          744                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 26584747.304144                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 23732697.629298                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         2489     32.34%     32.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          219      2.85%     35.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          216      2.81%     37.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          240      3.12%     41.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          296      3.85%     44.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          303      3.94%     48.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          388      5.04%     53.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          413      5.37%     59.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          551      7.16%     66.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          467      6.07%     72.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          338      4.39%     76.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          223      2.90%     79.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          198      2.57%     82.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          198      2.57%     84.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          255      3.31%     88.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          489      6.35%     94.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          414      5.38%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 26582741.597092      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes           2046228                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 38664.414707                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 293310.170831                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         7548     98.06%     98.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           43      0.56%     98.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           18      0.23%     98.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           42      0.55%     99.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           18      0.23%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.01%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           16      0.21%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            6      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            4      0.05%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 38661.497640      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           2976                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       511557                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45521.800112                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43223.050592                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20072.265032                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          245      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       480600     93.95%     94.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535           93      0.02%     94.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           90      0.02%     94.03% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           87      0.02%     94.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         6683      1.31%     95.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        23753      4.64%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       511557                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          744                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          744    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          744                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       511557                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   177673.399054                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  19579531.109559                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           11      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          156      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       255472     49.94%     49.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       114024     22.29%     72.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        14158      2.77%     75.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          151      0.03%     75.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        91622     17.91%     92.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           99      0.02%     92.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          158      0.03%     93.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          108      0.02%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           86      0.02%     93.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           37      0.01%     93.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           28      0.01%     93.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        35447      6.93%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  13957843000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total        511557                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          744                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 124970005.376344                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 644465850.750090                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          235     31.59%     31.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     31.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     31.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          156     20.97%     52.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     52.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     52.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     52.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     52.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     52.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     52.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          114     15.32%     67.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     67.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     67.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     67.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     67.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     67.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     67.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     67.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          239     32.12%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  16411205000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          744                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        512301                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     177415.369090                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    19565303.384032                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          481      0.09%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          289      0.06%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          248      0.05%      0.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       255472     49.87%     50.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       114024     22.26%     72.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        14229      2.78%     75.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           29      0.01%     75.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        91622     17.88%     92.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           99      0.02%     93.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           90      0.02%     93.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          110      0.02%     93.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           94      0.02%     93.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           37      0.01%     93.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           28      0.01%     93.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        35449      6.92%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  13957843000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total          512301                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.306093                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.460899                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5341     69.39%     69.39% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2356     30.61%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         7697    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean    66.461868                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    59.331753                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         2596     33.73%     33.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          326      4.24%     37.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          404      5.25%     43.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          475      6.17%     49.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          569      7.39%     56.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          782     10.16%     66.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          656      8.52%     75.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          364      4.73%     80.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          312      4.05%     84.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          381      4.95%     89.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          832     10.81%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.096661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.733275                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0           7480     97.18%     97.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1             68      0.88%     98.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2             43      0.56%     98.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3             18      0.23%     98.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4             41      0.53%     99.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              1      0.01%     99.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6             18      0.23%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.01%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8             14      0.18%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              2      0.03%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             6      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             4      0.05%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     70072889                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     70072889                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      5348842                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      5348842                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave      1024602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     46507027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     47531629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port    102490637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total    102490637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       821196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       821196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count::total     150843462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave      2049204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     73015420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     75064624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port    204981272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total    204981272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       426384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       426384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size::total      280472280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  35036444500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  74582447600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   5348842000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   3641853200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     27389424                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     46993559                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       219528                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       507861                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2728239500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  23120850700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5787000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    101572200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq             27608952                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp            47501420                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           410598                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail               38711                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     20116500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          410598                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                973                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       196600                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   2734026500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  23222422900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    256522500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       512301                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  40128764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         52.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     74909430                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  25321970700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         32.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     23765815                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  52422413600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         68.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     51245318                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    479916500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       410598                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access              51715552                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access              23956778                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            502236                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles               153951613                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts           49106496                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps             49106670                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     40385333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                174                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      5823243                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts            40385333                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads     72696087                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes     29180355                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    203045400                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     31193805                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs             23956779                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts           18575131                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts           5381648                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles         153951613                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.Branches                  8721511                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         25149891     51.21%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead        18575131     37.83%     89.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        5381648     10.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total          49106670                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       501383                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       501383    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       501383                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          853                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          853    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          853                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 26056021.826686                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 23877315.072605                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         2609     33.90%     33.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          205      2.66%     36.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          252      3.27%     39.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          216      2.81%     42.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          281      3.65%     46.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          253      3.29%     49.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          397      5.16%     54.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          417      5.42%     60.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          536      6.96%     67.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          447      5.81%     72.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          318      4.13%     77.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          199      2.59%     79.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          228      2.96%     82.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          193      2.51%     85.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          279      3.62%     88.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          468      6.08%     94.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          399      5.18%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 26054056.009740      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes           2005532                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 44328.959335                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 323007.839423                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         7520     97.70%     97.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           40      0.52%     98.22% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           33      0.43%     98.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           61      0.79%     99.44% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           22      0.29%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            8      0.10%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            6      0.08%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            1      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            3      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 44325.614902      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3412                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       501383                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45448.674965                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43147.217675                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20083.453962                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          257      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       471057     93.95%     94.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535          101      0.02%     94.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          107      0.02%     94.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          108      0.02%     94.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         6328      1.26%     95.33% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        23418      4.67%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       501383                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          853                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          853    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          853                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       501383                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   181289.584011                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  19791110.408919                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          172      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       255041     50.87%     50.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       106933     21.33%     72.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        12800      2.55%     74.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          195      0.04%     74.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        90896     18.13%     92.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          128      0.03%     92.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          182      0.04%     93.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          115      0.02%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           99      0.02%     93.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           53      0.01%     93.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           26      0.01%     93.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        34742      6.93%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  13965138000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total        501383                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          853                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 106438633.645955                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 533213217.355446                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          263     30.83%     30.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     30.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     30.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          172     20.16%     51.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     51.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     51.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     51.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     51.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     51.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     51.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          157     18.41%     69.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     69.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     69.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     69.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     69.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     69.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     69.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     69.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          261     30.60%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14322579000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          853                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        502236                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     180981.680923                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    19774290.579088                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          527      0.10%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          351      0.07%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          296      0.06%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       255042     50.78%     51.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       106933     21.29%     72.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        12879      2.56%     74.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           36      0.01%     74.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        90896     18.10%     92.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          127      0.03%     93.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000          104      0.02%     93.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          122      0.02%     93.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          108      0.02%     93.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           53      0.01%     93.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           26      0.01%     93.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        34736      6.92%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  13965138000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total          502236                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.288814                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.453241                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5474     71.12%     71.12% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2223     28.88%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000130                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.011398                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         7696     99.99%     99.99% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean    65.140055                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    59.701189                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         2719     35.33%     35.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          333      4.33%     39.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          372      4.83%     44.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          430      5.59%     50.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          593      7.70%     57.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          762      9.90%     67.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          633      8.22%     75.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          332      4.31%     80.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          312      4.05%     84.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          419      5.44%     89.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          792     10.29%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.110822                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.807520                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0           7461     96.93%     96.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1             59      0.77%     97.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2             40      0.52%     98.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3             33      0.43%     98.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4             53      0.69%     99.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              8      0.10%     99.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6             22      0.29%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8              7      0.09%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.01%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             6      0.08%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             1      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             2      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             3      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     70680572                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     70680572                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      5397593                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      5397593                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      1004472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     46909085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     47913557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port    103431103                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total    103431103                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       811670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       811670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count::total     152156330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      2008944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     73567833                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     75576777                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port    206862204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total    206862204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       421552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       421552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size::total      282860533                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  35340286000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  75226409400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   5397593000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   3678003300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     27629199                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     47429675                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       214351                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       497634                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2752197000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  23347762300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5668500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     99526800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq             27843550                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp            47927309                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           405835                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail               38453                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     19962500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          405835                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail               1108                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       225100                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   2757865500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  23447289100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    251544500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       502236                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  40486334500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         52.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     75575929                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  25530000600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         33.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     23956779                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  52900283800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         68.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     51715551                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    474128300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       405835                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access              52197201                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access              24150834                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            490944                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles               153951613                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts           49559871                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps             49560045                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     40740940                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                174                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      5885239                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts            40740940                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads     73302738                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes     29423981                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    204837741                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     31500068                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs             24150834                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts           18719202                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts           5431632                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles         153951613                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.Branches                  8819279                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         25409211     51.27%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead        18719202     37.77%     89.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        5431632     10.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total          49560045                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       490162                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       490162    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       490162                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          782                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          782    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          782                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 25472885.539821                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 23484104.720721                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         2606     33.86%     33.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          228      2.96%     36.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          224      2.91%     39.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          241      3.13%     42.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          302      3.92%     46.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          321      4.17%     50.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          380      4.94%     55.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          427      5.55%     61.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          601      7.81%     69.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          430      5.59%     74.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          272      3.53%     78.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          216      2.81%     81.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          185      2.40%     83.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          184      2.39%     85.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          237      3.08%     89.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          501      6.51%     95.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          342      4.44%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 25470963.718049      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes           1960648                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 40639.210082                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 300399.953226                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         7546     98.04%     98.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           32      0.42%     98.45% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           15      0.19%     98.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           63      0.82%     99.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           20      0.26%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            2      0.03%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           10      0.13%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            2      0.03%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            4      0.05%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 40636.144025      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3128                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       490162                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45445.557795                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43151.916664                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20038.134517                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          248      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       460517     93.95%     94.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535          105      0.02%     94.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           80      0.02%     94.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          108      0.02%     94.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         6550      1.34%     95.40% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        22548      4.60%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       490162                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          782                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          782    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          782                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       490162                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   185400.507383                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  20049534.180726                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          161      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       248208     50.64%     50.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       102332     20.88%     71.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        14403      2.94%     74.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          157      0.03%     74.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        90294     18.42%     92.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          100      0.02%     92.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          163      0.03%     92.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          113      0.02%     93.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           81      0.02%     93.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           50      0.01%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           35      0.01%     93.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        34064      6.95%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  13988430000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total        490162                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          782                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 116132485.294118                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 573456115.451959                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          248     31.71%     31.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     31.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     31.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          161     20.59%     52.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     52.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     52.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     52.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     52.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     52.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     52.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          122     15.60%     67.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     67.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     67.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     67.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     67.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     67.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     67.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     67.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          251     32.10%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14774835500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          782                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        490944                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     185105.192242                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    20033554.985271                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          497      0.10%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          299      0.06%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          258      0.05%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       248208     50.56%     50.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       102332     20.84%     71.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        14484      2.95%     74.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           32      0.01%     74.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        90294     18.39%     92.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          100      0.02%     92.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           86      0.02%     93.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          115      0.02%     93.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           95      0.02%     93.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           50      0.01%     93.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           35      0.01%     93.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        34059      6.94%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  13988430000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total          490944                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.294660                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.455920                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5429     70.53%     70.53% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2268     29.47%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000130                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.011398                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         7696     99.99%     99.99% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean    63.682214                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    58.714642                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         2706     35.16%     35.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          359      4.66%     39.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          383      4.98%     44.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          502      6.52%     51.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          594      7.72%     59.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          818     10.63%     69.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          585      7.60%     77.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          328      4.26%     81.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          287      3.73%     85.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          355      4.61%     89.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          780     10.13%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.101598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.751000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0           7461     96.93%     96.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1             85      1.10%     98.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2             32      0.42%     98.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3             15      0.19%     98.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4             57      0.74%     99.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              6      0.08%     99.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6             20      0.26%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              2      0.03%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8             10      0.13%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             2      0.03%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             4      0.05%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     71296560                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     71296560                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      5447472                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      5447472                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave       981888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     47319780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     48301668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port    104394402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total    104394402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       791994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total       791994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count::total     153488064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave      1963776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     74127327                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     76091103                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port    208788804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total    208788804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       411624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total       411624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size::total      285291531                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  35648280000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  75878584200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   5447472000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   3715144600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     27872799                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     47876639                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       209074                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       486632                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2776071000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  23581287400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5615000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     97326900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq             28081873                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp            48363271                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           395997                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail               37783                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     19587500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          395997                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail               1174                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       237300                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   2781686000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  23678614300                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    245863000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       490944                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  40849889000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         53.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     76253088                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  25741649200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         33.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     24150834                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  53389568200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         69.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     52197201                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    462511400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       395997                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access              51817964                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access              24000903                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            499616                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles               153951613                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts           49211115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps             49211325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     40469850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                210                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      5836662                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts            40469850                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads     72838620                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes     29243707                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    203468556                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     31264772                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs             24000903                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts           18611527                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts           5389376                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles         153951613                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.Branches                  8741685                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         25210422     51.23%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead        18611527     37.82%     89.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        5389376     10.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total          49211325                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       498648                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       498648    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       498648                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          968                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          968    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          968                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 25913888.527998                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 23535960.137834                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         2582     33.55%     33.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          178      2.31%     35.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          241      3.13%     38.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          248      3.22%     42.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          278      3.61%     45.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          326      4.24%     50.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          359      4.66%     54.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          449      5.83%     60.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          608      7.90%     68.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          393      5.11%     73.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          295      3.83%     77.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          202      2.62%     80.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          231      3.00%     83.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          221      2.87%     85.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          277      3.60%     89.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          483      6.28%     95.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          326      4.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 25911933.434411      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes           1994592                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 50305.313759                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 340180.371036                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         7510     97.57%     97.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           38      0.49%     98.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           20      0.26%     98.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           64      0.83%     99.16% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           34      0.44%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            3      0.04%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           16      0.21%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            4      0.05%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            5      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 50301.518435      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3872                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       498648                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45480.613579                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43173.559088                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20065.788568                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          327      0.07%      0.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       468341     93.92%     93.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535           79      0.02%     94.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           89      0.02%     94.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          129      0.03%     94.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         6583      1.32%     95.37% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        23093      4.63%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       498648                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          968                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          968    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          968                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       498648                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   182235.216024                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  19832835.722671                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           16      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          207      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       248860     49.91%     49.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       104296     20.92%     70.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        16090      3.23%     74.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          199      0.04%     74.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        93557     18.76%     92.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          126      0.03%     92.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          177      0.04%     92.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          127      0.03%     92.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000          108      0.02%     93.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           48      0.01%     93.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           45      0.01%     93.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        34792      6.98%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  13956431500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total        498648                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          968                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 93596157.024793                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 496651828.002880                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          312     32.23%     32.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     32.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     32.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          207     21.38%     53.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     53.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     53.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     53.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     53.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     53.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     53.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          171     17.67%     71.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     71.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     71.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     71.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     71.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     71.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     71.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     71.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          278     28.72%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14216354500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          968                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        499616                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     181882.137482                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    19813608.619827                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          640      0.13%      0.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          392      0.08%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          326      0.07%      0.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       248860     49.81%     50.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       104296     20.88%     70.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        16183      3.24%     74.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           22      0.00%     74.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        93557     18.73%     92.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          126      0.03%     92.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           88      0.02%     92.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          129      0.03%     93.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          115      0.02%     93.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           48      0.01%     93.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           45      0.01%     93.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        34789      6.96%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  13956431500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total          499616                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.291282                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.454383                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5455     70.87%     70.87% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2242     29.13%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         7697    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean    64.784721                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    58.850422                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         2664     34.61%     34.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          331      4.30%     38.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          394      5.12%     44.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          499      6.48%     50.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          578      7.51%     58.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          833     10.82%     68.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          557      7.24%     76.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          343      4.46%     80.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          340      4.42%     84.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          415      5.39%     90.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          743      9.65%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.125763                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.850451                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0           7436     96.61%     96.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::1             74      0.96%     97.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2             38      0.49%     98.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::3             20      0.26%     98.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4             61      0.79%     99.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::5              3      0.04%     99.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6             34      0.44%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::7              3      0.04%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8             16      0.21%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10             4      0.05%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12             5      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14             2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18             1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     70816776                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     70816776                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      5405781                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      5405781                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave       999232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     47002574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     48001806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port    103635928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total    103635928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       807380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total       807380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count::total     152445114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave      1998464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     73723225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     75721689                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port    207271856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total    207271856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       419851                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total       419851                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size::total      283413396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  35408388000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  75370974800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   5405781000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   3684231300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     27685013                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     47526589                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       212138                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       494905                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2756560000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  23396187800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5874000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     98981000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq             27897151                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp            48021494                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           403690                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail               39073                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     20292000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          403690                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail               1327                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       270400                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   2762434000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  23495168800                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    250292000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       499616                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  40563877000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         52.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     75722941                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  25580208400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         33.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     24000903                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  53003786400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         68.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     51817964                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    471211300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       403690                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access              52060144                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access              24096664                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            494024                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles               153951615                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts           49433804                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps             49433998                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     40643041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                194                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      5867664                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts            40643041                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads     73135117                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes     29358907                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    204342867                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     31414994                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs             24096664                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts           18680291                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts           5416373                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles         153951615                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.Branches                  8791151                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         25337334     51.25%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead        18680291     37.79%     89.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        5416373     10.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total          49433998                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       493176                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       493176    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       493176                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          848                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          848    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          848                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 25629517.994024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 23346044.590326                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         2575     33.45%     33.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          218      2.83%     36.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          231      3.00%     39.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          256      3.33%     42.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          284      3.69%     46.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          279      3.62%     49.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          381      4.95%     54.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          450      5.85%     60.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          620      8.06%     68.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          411      5.34%     74.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          316      4.11%     78.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          207      2.69%     80.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          238      3.09%     84.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          212      2.75%     86.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          245      3.18%     89.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          448      5.82%     95.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          326      4.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 25627584.354994      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes           1972704                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 44069.117838                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 305547.239890                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         7528     97.80%     97.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           28      0.36%     98.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           20      0.26%     98.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           71      0.92%     99.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           29      0.38%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            5      0.06%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            6      0.08%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            6      0.08%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 44065.793009      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3392                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       493176                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45463.318369                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43163.803781                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20066.456864                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          264      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       463350     93.95%     94.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535           94      0.02%     94.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           95      0.02%     94.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          119      0.02%     94.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         6221      1.26%     95.33% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        23026      4.67%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       493176                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          848                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          848    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          848                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       493176                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   184270.841444                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  19961548.663467                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          170      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       248069     50.30%     50.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       103558     21.00%     71.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        14731      2.99%     74.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          183      0.04%     74.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        91596     18.57%     92.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          101      0.02%     92.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          176      0.04%     92.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          107      0.02%     93.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000          110      0.02%     93.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           55      0.01%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           29      0.01%     93.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        34291      6.95%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        40500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  13970199000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total        493176                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          848                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 107553431.014151                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 583704984.526172                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          270     31.84%     31.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     31.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     31.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          170     20.05%     51.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     51.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     51.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     51.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     51.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     51.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     51.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          154     18.16%     70.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     70.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     70.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     70.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     70.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     70.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     70.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     70.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          254     29.95%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  15682850500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          848                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        494024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     183954.537634                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    19944403.630132                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          540      0.11%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          333      0.07%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            1      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          287      0.06%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       248069     50.21%     50.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       103559     20.96%     71.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        14820      3.00%     74.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           30      0.01%     74.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        91596     18.54%     92.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          100      0.02%     92.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           87      0.02%     93.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          112      0.02%     93.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          121      0.02%     93.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           55      0.01%     93.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           29      0.01%     93.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        34285      6.94%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  13970199000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total          494024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.291412                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.454442                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5454     70.86%     70.86% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2243     29.14%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         7697    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean    64.073795                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    58.362480                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         2673     34.73%     34.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          352      4.57%     39.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          400      5.20%     44.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          450      5.85%     50.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          604      7.85%     58.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          854     11.10%     69.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          579      7.52%     76.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          360      4.68%     81.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          351      4.56%     86.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          370      4.81%     90.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          704      9.15%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.110173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.763868                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0           7455     96.86%     96.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1             73      0.95%     97.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2             28      0.36%     98.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3             20      0.26%     98.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4             69      0.90%     99.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              2      0.03%     99.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6             29      0.38%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              5      0.06%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              6      0.08%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             6      0.08%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     71120695                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     71120695                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      5432418                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      5432418                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave       988048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     47205280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     48193328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port    104120288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total    104120288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       792610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total       792610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count::total     153106226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave      1976096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     73981658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     75957754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port    208240576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total    208240576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       412118                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total       412118                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size::total      284610448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  35560347500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  75692139600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   5432418000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   3703962200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     27804070                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     47750312                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       210342                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       489628                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2768686500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  23514478700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5798000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     97926100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq             28014412                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp            48239940                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           396305                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail               38063                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     19716500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          396305                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail               1150                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       234000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   2774484500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  23612404800                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    247436000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       494024                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  40745329500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         52.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     76059089                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  25683327900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         33.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     24096664                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  53250092200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         69.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     52060144                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    462681700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       396305                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access              52368255                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access              24215956                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            485744                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles               153951615                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts           49716102                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps             49716266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     40860990                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                164                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      5907674                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts            40860990                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads     73505616                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes     29502288                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    205443828                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     31607035                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs             24215956                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts           18765010                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts           5450946                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles         153951615                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.Branches                  8855440                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         25500310     51.29%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead        18765010     37.74%     89.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        5450946     10.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total          49716266                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       484960                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       484960    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       484960                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          784                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          784    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          784                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 25202546.446668                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 23410529.770120                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         2669     34.68%     34.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          211      2.74%     37.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          239      3.11%     40.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          227      2.95%     43.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          275      3.57%     47.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          297      3.86%     50.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          376      4.89%     55.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          442      5.74%     61.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          597      7.76%     69.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          431      5.60%     74.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          293      3.81%     78.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          212      2.75%     81.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          197      2.56%     84.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          187      2.43%     86.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          268      3.48%     89.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          462      6.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          314      4.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 25200645.020840      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes           1939840                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 40743.146681                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 317020.413323                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         7555     98.16%     98.16% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           33      0.43%     98.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           16      0.21%     98.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           40      0.52%     99.31% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           24      0.31%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            2      0.03%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           13      0.17%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            8      0.10%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            4      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 40740.072782      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3136                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       484960                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45556.495381                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43250.816419                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20088.267398                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          263      0.05%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       455493     93.92%     93.98% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535           96      0.02%     94.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          119      0.02%     94.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          108      0.02%     94.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         6165      1.27%     95.32% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        22713      4.68%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       484960                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          784                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          784    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          784                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       484960                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   187501.720760                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  20325500.694259                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           11      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          173      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       239415     49.37%     49.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       105633     21.78%     71.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        16694      3.44%     74.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          142      0.03%     74.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000        88594     18.27%     92.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           97      0.02%     92.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          161      0.03%     92.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          117      0.02%     93.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000          104      0.02%     93.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           48      0.01%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           31      0.01%     93.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        33740      6.96%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14104900500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total        484960                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          784                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 116957455.357143                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 593467818.730384                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          262     33.42%     33.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     33.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     33.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          173     22.07%     55.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     55.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     55.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     55.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     55.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     55.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     55.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          119     15.18%     70.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     70.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     70.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     70.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     70.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     70.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     70.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     70.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          230     29.34%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  15245549500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          784                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        485744                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     187199.089438                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    20309086.898414                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          535      0.11%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          294      0.06%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            2      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000          246      0.05%      0.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       239419     49.29%     49.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       105633     21.75%     71.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        16768      3.45%     74.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           29      0.01%     74.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000        88594     18.24%     92.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           93      0.02%     92.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           87      0.02%     92.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          121      0.02%     93.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          115      0.02%     93.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           48      0.01%     93.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           31      0.01%     93.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        33729      6.94%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14104900500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total          485744                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.289983                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.453784                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5465     71.00%     71.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2232     29.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000130                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.011398                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         7696     99.99%     99.99% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean    63.006366                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    58.514985                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         2762     35.88%     35.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          357      4.64%     40.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          372      4.83%     45.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          465      6.04%     51.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          586      7.61%     59.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          824     10.71%     69.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          581      7.55%     77.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          366      4.76%     82.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          286      3.72%     85.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          405      5.26%     91.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          693      9.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.101858                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.792551                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         7555     98.16%     98.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3           49      0.64%     98.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5           40      0.52%     99.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           26      0.34%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9           13      0.17%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11            8      0.10%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13            4      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total         7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     71505750                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     71505750                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      5466463                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      5466463                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave       971488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     47460424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     48431912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port    104736510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total    104736510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       776004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total       776004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count::total     153944426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave      1942976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     74297093                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     76240069                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port    209473020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total    209473020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       403320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total       403320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size::total      286116409                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  35752875000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  76098869600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   5466463000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   3729441100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     27954545                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     48035493                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       207372                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       481496                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2784230000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  23666473800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5565000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     96299200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq             28161917                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp            48516989                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           388002                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail               37013                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     19200000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          388002                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail               1251                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       253200                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   2789795000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  23762773000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    243264000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       485744                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  40976074000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         53.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     76486469                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  25812039400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         33.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     24215956                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  53563244000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         69.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     52368255                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    453027300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       388002                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                        99                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8034.615756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        2436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                        99                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     24.606061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4109.602647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   814.163703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   528.760526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   165.129159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   201.519633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   453.634009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   593.456476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.itb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst           24                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    22.477798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst           57                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    12.307844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.itb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst           43                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    79.045532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst           30                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    22.043012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   523.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   341.475409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.501660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.099385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.064546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.020157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.024600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.055375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.072443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.002744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.006958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.001502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.005249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.009649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.003662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.002691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.063843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.041684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.980788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7984                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001709                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.979492                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     77925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    77925                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst         1055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    7664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1774                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1774                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   21                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    99                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          1111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data           671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          1161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst          1055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data           569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          1111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data           610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     7763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data          671                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1161                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          614                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           66                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst         1055                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data          610                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          456                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          143                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    7763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 64                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  24                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                     54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                    54                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1980000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         4030500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       718000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       131000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1240500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       131000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       326500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       248500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1563000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1276000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3087500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3256000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          7118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3489000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3256000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         7118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                7694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1774                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1774                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               85                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           66                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.026362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.023295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.823529                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.700000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.752941                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.818182                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.592593                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.064516                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.303030                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.195122                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.004862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.045302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.037855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.006908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.004862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.045302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.037855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.006908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       128400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 141428.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       134350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25642.857143                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        13050                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 21833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18642.857143                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10038.461538                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19382.812500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        14500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43666.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 21666.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20406.250000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       130250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       127600                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128645.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 124333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 129222.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 135666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131814.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 124333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 129222.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 135666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131814.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   59                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        59                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            64                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             24                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1761000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3700500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1519500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       543499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       326500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       380500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       705500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3475499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       488000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       163500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       162500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       868000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       226500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1431000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1166000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2823500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6524000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3192000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6524000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  23079473914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  23160658411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  23102933407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  23063481915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  92406667647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    960461997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    959236491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    959567996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    960255999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3839612983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  24039935911                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  24119894902                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  24062501403                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  24023737914                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       210500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  96246280630                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.026362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.023295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.700000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752941                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.592593                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.064516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.303030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.004862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.045302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.037855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.006908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.004862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.045302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.037855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       117400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 130428.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       123350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54267.857143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54349.900000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54416.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54357.142857                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54269.230769                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54304.671875                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54222.222222                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       119250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       116600                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117645.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 113333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118222.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120814.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 113333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118222.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120814.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       7952                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples       769802                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.005300                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000115                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.162536                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         769786    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           16      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total        769802                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31998                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.078380                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.572547                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.308519                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31985     99.96%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           13      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31998                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     10051006.885800                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    2536607.106012                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         7692     99.94%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            2      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        10053574.299951      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                    773882                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    860698.973626                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1578799.966638                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         7689     99.90%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            6      0.08%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       863959.757746      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  66504                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples          769802                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11349.042611                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11346.643273                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev        435.238905                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       769786    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           14      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total            769802                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples          31985                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11509.713928                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11506.423045                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       278.460754                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30918     96.66%     96.66% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311         1067      3.34%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total            31985                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples              769802                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           100027.674649                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          62642.668077                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000             487      0.06%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000          719452     93.46%     93.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000           4927      0.64%     94.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             44936      5.84%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             90000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          32027000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                769802                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             31998                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         2406382.836427                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3744561.844163                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            26      0.08%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            74      0.23%      0.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         8610     26.91%     27.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           23288     72.78%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           90000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value        85301000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               31998                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                801800                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             96033.222749                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            46447.211060                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000              9098      1.13%      1.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000            723042     90.18%     91.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000            19824      2.47%     93.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               49835      6.22%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               84000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            24878000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                  801800                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.108744                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.311338                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             6860     89.13%     89.13% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              837     10.87%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.004937                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.070095                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            7659     99.51%     99.51% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1              38      0.49%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean           100.013122                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            5.619354                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-7                     4      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-15                    3      0.04%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-23                   1      0.01%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-31                   4      0.05%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-39                   1      0.01%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-47                   2      0.03%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-55                  27      0.35%      0.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-63                   1      0.01%      0.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-71                   1      0.01%      0.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-79                  15      0.19%      0.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-87                   2      0.03%      0.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::88-95                 438      5.69%      6.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-103               6063     78.77%     85.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::104-111              1135     14.75%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            4.157074                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           2.706807                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0-1                 1324     17.20%     17.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2-3                 2067     26.85%     44.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4-5                 2047     26.59%     70.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6-7                 1392     18.08%     88.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8-9                  600      7.80%     96.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10-11                188      2.44%     98.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12-13                 67      0.87%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14-15                  9      0.12%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16-17                  2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18-19                  0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::20-21                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples       769901                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.006293                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000137                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.266760                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         769882    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total        769901                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31894                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.149432                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.590832                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     6.356851                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31875     99.94%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           19      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31894                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     10065558.009614                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    3014236.823202                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         7689     99.90%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            5      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        10064798.605718      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                    774746                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    887319.734962                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1828146.847156                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         7684     99.83%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           11      0.14%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       890591.501752      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  68554                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples          769901                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11349.701585                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11346.897107                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev        518.608602                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383          769882    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           13      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total            769901                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples          31875                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11512.288627                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11508.960081                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       280.117343                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30818     96.68%     96.68% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311         1056      3.31%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total            31875                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples              769901                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           99972.853653                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          51086.923251                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000             496      0.06%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000          719899     93.51%     93.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000           4902      0.64%     94.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             44604      5.79%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value             90000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          24677000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                769901                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             31894                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         2413488.649903                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3752889.937584                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            28      0.09%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            68      0.21%      0.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         8468     26.55%     26.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           23330     73.15%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           90000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value        44245000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               31894                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                801795                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             96004.348992                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            37872.041186                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000              8950      1.12%      1.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000            723335     90.21%     91.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000            19587      2.44%     93.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               49921      6.23%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               76000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            24880000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                  801795                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.109133                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.311827                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             6857     89.09%     89.09% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              840     10.91%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.005717                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.075396                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            7653     99.43%     99.43% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1              44      0.57%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean           100.026114                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            5.699871                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-7                     4      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-15                    3      0.04%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-23                   1      0.01%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-31                   4      0.05%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-39                   1      0.01%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-47                   5      0.06%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-55                  24      0.31%      0.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-63                   1      0.01%      0.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-71                   3      0.04%      0.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-79                  12      0.16%      0.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-87                   3      0.04%      0.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::88-95                 471      6.12%      6.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-103               5940     77.17%     84.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::104-111              1225     15.92%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            4.143433                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           2.732429                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                    705      9.16%      9.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                    670      8.70%     17.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    875     11.37%     29.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                   1227     15.94%     45.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                   1008     13.10%     58.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                    962     12.50%     70.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                    811     10.54%     81.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                    544      7.07%     88.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                    353      4.59%     92.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                    251      3.26%     96.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                   134      1.74%     97.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                    81      1.05%     99.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                    49      0.64%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                    14      0.18%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     6      0.08%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     5      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples       769865                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.001987                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000043                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.711881                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         769859    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total        769865                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31938                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.094683                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.578743                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.500454                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31924     99.96%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           14      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31938                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     10022021.566844                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    850180.161934                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06           10      0.13%      0.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           45      0.58%      0.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07         7637     99.22%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            2      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        10021265.447589      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                    771395                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    869169.806418                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1583183.537592                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         7686     99.86%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           10      0.13%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       869104.231222      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  66900                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples          769865                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11347.863197                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11346.254771                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev        303.666145                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       769858    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total            769865                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples          31924                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11509.140459                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11505.885197                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       276.907985                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30917     96.85%     96.85% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311         1007      3.15%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total            31924                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples              769865                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           99992.493489                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          56087.460863                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000             517      0.07%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000          719585     93.47%     93.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000           5010      0.65%     94.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             44753      5.81%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value             89000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          31819000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                769865                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             31938                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         2409834.429207                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3723098.873331                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            30      0.09%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            70      0.22%      0.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         8523     26.69%     27.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           23315     73.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           90000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value        83906000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               31938                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                801803                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             96009.519795                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            42648.361277                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000              9026      1.13%      1.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000            723063     90.18%     91.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000            19865      2.48%     93.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               49847      6.22%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               55000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            31388000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                  801803                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.107704                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.310027                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             6868     89.23%     89.23% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              829     10.77%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.005457                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.073672                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            7655     99.45%     99.45% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1              42      0.55%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean           100.021437                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            5.652850                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-7                     5      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-15                    2      0.03%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-23                   1      0.01%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-31                   5      0.06%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-39                   0      0.00%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-47                   5      0.06%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-55                  24      0.31%      0.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-63                   1      0.01%      0.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-71                   1      0.01%      0.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-79                  15      0.19%      0.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-87                   4      0.05%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::88-95                 433      5.63%      6.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-103               6023     78.25%     84.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::104-111              1178     15.30%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            4.149409                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           2.721292                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                    686      8.91%      8.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                    662      8.60%     17.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    908     11.80%     29.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                   1151     14.95%     44.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                   1084     14.08%     58.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                    956     12.42%     70.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                    826     10.73%     81.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                    554      7.20%     88.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                    373      4.85%     93.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                    218      2.83%     96.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                   116      1.51%     97.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                    79      1.03%     98.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                    42      0.55%     99.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                    23      0.30%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                    11      0.14%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     4      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     3      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples       769821                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.004306                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000094                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.047885                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         769808    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           13      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total        769821                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31985                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.091668                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.582204                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.310557                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31972     99.96%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           13      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31985                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     10041314.797973                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    2161995.795060                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         7693     99.95%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        10043882.943352      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                    773136                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    869195.790568                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1608983.773702                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         7688     99.88%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            7      0.09%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       869130.213412      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  66902                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples          769821                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11348.935532                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11346.768905                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev        399.256571                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       769808    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           11      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total            769821                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples          31972                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11510.399725                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11507.113698                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       278.279189                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30960     96.83%     96.83% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311         1011      3.16%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total            31972                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples              769821                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           100022.522119                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          61344.464534                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000             570      0.07%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000          719561     93.47%     93.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000           4877      0.63%     94.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             44813      5.82%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             89000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          29915000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                769821                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             31985                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         2406908.957324                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3673596.872951                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            28      0.09%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            82      0.26%      0.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         8501     26.58%     26.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           23374     73.08%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           90000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value        43848000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               31985                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                801806                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             96032.504122                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            46493.337238                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000              9074      1.13%      1.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000            723124     90.19%     91.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000            19753      2.46%     93.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               49855      6.22%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               89000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            25312000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                  801806                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.113811                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.317602                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             6821     88.62%     88.62% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              876     11.38%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.004547                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.067284                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            7662     99.55%     99.55% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1              35      0.45%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean           100.015590                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            5.675545                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-7                     4      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-15                    3      0.04%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-23                   1      0.01%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-31                   3      0.04%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-39                   2      0.03%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-47                   5      0.06%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-55                  24      0.31%      0.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-63                   1      0.01%      0.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-71                   2      0.03%      0.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-79                  14      0.18%      0.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-87                   4      0.05%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::88-95                 456      5.92%      6.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-103               6010     78.08%     84.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::104-111              1168     15.17%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            4.155515                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           2.735310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0-1                 1355     17.60%     17.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2-3                 2119     27.53%     45.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4-5                 1952     25.36%     70.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6-7                 1378     17.90%     88.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8-9                  615      7.99%     96.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10-11                197      2.56%     98.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12-13                 63      0.82%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14-15                 13      0.17%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16-17                  4      0.05%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18-19                  0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::20-21                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples      3079393                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        1.004803                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       1.000104                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       1.106669                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         3079335    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           58      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total        3079393                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       127815                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       2.103509                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.581061                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      5.635225                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         127756     99.95%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           59      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total        127815                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      40179901.260231                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     7979318.224311                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         7691     99.92%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08            2      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            3      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             7697                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         40183521.296610      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    3093159                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3483058.334416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    5456580.298683                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         7690     99.91%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            3      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            7697                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        3492785.704132      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                  268860                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples          3079389                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20009.676108                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20008.476139                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev         400.635521                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767      3079334    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           42      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total            3079389                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples          127756                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20048.095588                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20047.094613                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        203.415451                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479       120015     93.94%     93.94% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527         7740      6.06%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total            127756                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples              3079393                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            25004.573791                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           29222.047294                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                496289     16.12%     16.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            396108     12.86%     28.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           331300     10.76%     39.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           306437      9.95%     49.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000           273775      8.89%     58.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           242897      7.89%     66.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000           213692      6.94%     73.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000           171489      5.57%     78.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000           152925      4.97%     83.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000           120190      3.90%     87.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000           100431      3.26%     91.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            82529      2.68%     93.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            63520      2.06%     95.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            46495      1.51%     97.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            33377      1.08%     98.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            22396      0.73%     99.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            13756      0.45%     99.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000             7474      0.24%     99.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             4085      0.13%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              51      0.00%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                177      0.01%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           24489000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                3079393                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples             127815                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          602243.922857                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         1145383.693068                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                1189      0.93%      0.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            1080      0.84%      1.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000           1021      0.80%      2.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           1026      0.80%      3.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           1006      0.79%      4.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           1022      0.80%      4.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000           1025      0.80%      5.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            950      0.74%      6.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            953      0.75%      7.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            948      0.74%      8.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            954      0.75%      8.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            956      0.75%      9.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            979      0.77%     10.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           1033      0.81%     11.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            908      0.71%     11.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000           1008      0.79%     12.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            945      0.74%     13.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            936      0.73%     14.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            969      0.76%     14.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         36212     28.33%     43.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            72695     56.88%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         20482000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total               127815                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                3207208                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              24000.877710                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             24534.688981                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                  534699     16.67%     16.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000              427209     13.32%     29.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000             355571     11.09%     41.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000             326070     10.17%     51.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000             289627      9.03%     60.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000             255265      7.96%     68.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000             222461      6.94%     75.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000             177222      5.53%     80.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000             155655      4.85%     85.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000             121009      3.77%     89.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000              99259      3.09%     92.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000              79812      2.49%     94.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000              59679      1.86%     96.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000              42282      1.32%     98.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000              28289      0.88%     98.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000              17845      0.56%     99.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               9624      0.30%     99.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               4206      0.13%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000               1230      0.04%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                50      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  144      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             20369000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                  3207208                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.794206                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.802156                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              3193     41.48%     41.48% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              3122     40.56%     82.04% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2              1166     15.15%     97.19% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3               205      2.66%     99.86% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                11      0.14%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          7697                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.036768                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.191624                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             7419     96.39%     96.39% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1              273      3.55%     99.94% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                5      0.06%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         7697                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            400.076783                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            20.125431                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-31                     4      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-63                    3      0.04%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-95                    1      0.01%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-127                   4      0.05%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-159                  1      0.01%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-191                  1      0.01%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-223                 28      0.36%      0.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-255                  1      0.01%      0.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-287                  1      0.01%      0.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-319                 15      0.19%      0.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-351                  2      0.03%      0.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::352-383                  8      0.10%      0.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-415               7584     98.53%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::416-447                 44      0.57%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-479                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::480-511                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-543                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::544-575                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-607                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::608-639                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean            16.605301                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            3.660432                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                     3      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                     4      0.05%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                     2      0.03%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    54      0.70%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                   271      3.52%      4.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                 166      2.16%      6.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                1014     13.17%     19.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                1706     22.16%     41.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                 809     10.51%     52.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                2109     27.40%     79.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                1011     13.13%     92.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                 296      3.85%     96.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                 240      3.12%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                  12      0.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                7697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8211779                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        24                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3338948                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 8211803                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3338948                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         11550727                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             24                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     11550751                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    30658793                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                30658793                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         30658793                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     30658793                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       153447634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   27318658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     28939118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             27997434                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1640744                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       854150                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    27997434                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           43833039                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22944063                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           111365504                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10749261                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     11551999                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    8212202                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3339797                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              502332.156146                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              152945301.843854                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.996726                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.003274                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2515434                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 17387863     60.08%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     708      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 8212202     28.38%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3339797     11.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  28940572                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           30790004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         27713.774977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         61318697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        61318697                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     30657682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       30657682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     30657682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        30657682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     30657682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       30657682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     17808989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17808989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     17808989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17808989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     17808989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17808989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     30658793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30658793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     30658793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     30658793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     30658793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     30658793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16029.693069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16029.693069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16029.693069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16029.693069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16029.693069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16029.693069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     15576011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15576011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     15576011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15576011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     15576011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15576011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14019.811881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14019.811881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14019.811881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14019.811881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14019.811881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14019.811881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               150                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              649                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          208.498099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           11377363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs         17530.605547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   208.498099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.814446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.814446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         21500815                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        21500815                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      7440367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7440367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      3305485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3305485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          129                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          129                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          679                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          679                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     10745852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10745852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     10745981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10745981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          447                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          447                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          375                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          375                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          379                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          379                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         1546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     12173978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12173978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4569500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4569500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1755498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1755498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     10838000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     10838000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     16743478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     16743478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     16743478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     16743478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      7441466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7441466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      3305932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3305932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          151                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1054                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1054                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1050                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1050                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     10747398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10747398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     10747549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10747549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.145695                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.145695                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.355787                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.355787                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.360952                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.360952                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11077.323021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11077.323021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10222.595078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10222.595078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4681.328000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4681.328000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 28596.306069                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28596.306069                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10830.192755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10830.192755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10678.238520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10678.238520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          416                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              416                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          353                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          353                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          379                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          379                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      9956020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9956020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3675500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3675500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       305501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       305501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       744001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       744001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     10080000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10080000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     13631520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13631520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     13937021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13937021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  32314144021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  32314144021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   1328841501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1328841501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  33642985522                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  33642985522                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.145695                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145695                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.334915                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334915                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.360952                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360952                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9059.162875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9059.162875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8222.595078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8222.595078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 13886.409091                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13886.409091                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2107.651558                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2107.651558                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 26596.306069                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26596.306069                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8817.283312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8817.283312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8888.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8888.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2274                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     8237224                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                        26                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3348747                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 8237250                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3348747                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         11585971                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                             26                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     11585997                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    30754492                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                30754492                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         30754492                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     30754492                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       153951614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   27403105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     29028374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             28083695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1645681                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       856228                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    28083695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           43967311                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          23015636                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           111707309                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10781711                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     11586965                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    8237645                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3349320                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles               9816.021936                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              153941797.978064                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999936                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000064                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2522571                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 17441940     60.08%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     648      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 8237645     28.38%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3349320     11.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  29029567                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      20                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1161                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           30653113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         26402.336779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         61510145                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        61510145                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     30753331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       30753331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     30753331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        30753331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     30753331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       30753331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     18731990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18731990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     18731990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18731990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     18731990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18731990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     30754492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30754492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     30754492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     30754492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     30754492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     30754492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16134.358312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16134.358312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16134.358312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16134.358312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16134.358312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16134.358312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16400010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16400010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16400010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16400010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16400010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16400010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14125.762274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14125.762274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14125.762274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14125.762274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14125.762274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14125.762274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               151                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              594                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          227.905832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             994655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1674.503367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   227.905832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.890257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.890257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         21565913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        21565913                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      7463248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7463248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      3315403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3315403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          633                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          633                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     10778651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        10778651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     10778749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       10778749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          365                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          365                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          369                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          369                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         1469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          1469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         1492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         1492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     11594987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11594987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3585499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3585499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1831000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1831000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     10408500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     10408500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     15180486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15180486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     15180486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15180486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      7464290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7464290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      3315830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3315830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          121                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          121                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          998                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          998                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          991                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          991                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     10780120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10780120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     10780241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10780241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.190083                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.190083                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.365731                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.365731                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.372351                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.372351                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11127.626679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11127.626679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8396.953162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8396.953162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  5016.438356                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5016.438356                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 28207.317073                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28207.317073                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10333.891082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10333.891082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10174.588472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10174.588472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          395                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              395                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          343                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          369                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          369                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      9498013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9498013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2730501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2730501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       207000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       207000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       941000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       941000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      9670500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9670500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     12228514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12228514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     12435514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12435514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  32429234039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  32429234039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   1327488502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1327488502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  33756722541                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  33756722541                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.190083                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190083                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.343687                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343687                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.372351                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372351                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9115.175624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9115.175624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6394.615925                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6394.615925                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  2743.440233                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2743.440233                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 26207.317073                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26207.317073                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8324.379850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8324.379850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8334.794906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8334.794906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2387                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     8246333                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                        32                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3373640                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        8                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 8246365                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                3373648                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         11619973                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                             40                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     11620013                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    30807052                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                30807057                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         30807052                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     30807057                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                       153947133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   27463383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     29085029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             28128367                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    1642199                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       868626                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    28128367                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           44084369                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          23028666                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           111905896                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           10795641                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     11621402                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    8246717                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3374685                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles               4482.877486                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              153942650.122514                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999971                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000029                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          2531439                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 17464545     60.04%     60.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     675      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 8246717     28.35%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3374685     11.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  29086630                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             1055                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           30868934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         29259.653081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         61615159                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        61615159                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     30805997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       30805997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     30805997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        30805997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     30805997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       30805997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     17703989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17703989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     17703989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17703989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     17703989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17703989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     30807052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30807052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     30807052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     30807052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     30807052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     30807052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16781.032227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16781.032227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16781.032227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16781.032227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16781.032227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16781.032227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     15584011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15584011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     15584011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15584011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     15584011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15584011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14771.574408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14771.574408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14771.574408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14771.574408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14771.574408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14771.574408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               162                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              690                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          241.139366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             883184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1279.976812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   241.139366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.941951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.941406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         21637771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        21637771                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      7474203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7474203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      3340276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3340276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           97                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           97                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data     10814479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        10814479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data     10814576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       10814576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          412                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          412                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           37                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           37                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          364                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          364                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          373                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          373                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         1526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         1526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     13180485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13180485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4466000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4466000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2122000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2122000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     10367500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     10367500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     17646485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     17646485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     17646485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     17646485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      7475280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7475280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      3340688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3340688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1022                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1022                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data     10815968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10815968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data     10816102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10816102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.276119                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.276119                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.356164                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.356164                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.367488                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.367488                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12238.147632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12238.147632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10839.805825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10839.805825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  5829.670330                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5829.670330                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 27794.906166                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27794.906166                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11851.232371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11851.232371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11563.882700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11563.882700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           37                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          331                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          373                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          373                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     11012515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11012515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3642000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3642000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       712000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       712000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       756000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       756000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      9621500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9621500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     14654515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14654515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     15366515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15366515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  32347751026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  32347751026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data   1327611000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1327611000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  33675362026                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  33675362026                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.276119                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276119                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.323875                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323875                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.367488                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367488                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10225.176416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10225.176416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8839.805825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8839.805825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 19243.243243                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19243.243243                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  2283.987915                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2283.987915                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 25794.906166                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25794.906166                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9841.850235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9841.850235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10069.800131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10069.800131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2375                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     8234668                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        35                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    3369489                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        9                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 8234703                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                3369498                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                         11604157                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                             44                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                     11604201                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    30764232                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                30764237                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         30764232                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     30764237                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                       153728752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   27425654                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     29045506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             28089724                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    1639957                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       867911                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    28089724                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           44024294                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          22996216                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           111753180                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10781330                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     11605637                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    8235072                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   3370565                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              222541.386234                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              153506210.613766                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.998552                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.001448                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2528490                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 17440808     60.04%     60.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     712      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 8235072     28.35%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                3370565     11.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  29047165                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           30769041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         27694.906391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         61529575                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        61529575                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     30763121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       30763121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     30763121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        30763121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     30763121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       30763121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     17840492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17840492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     17840492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17840492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     17840492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17840492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     30764232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30764232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     30764232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     30764232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     30764232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     30764232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16058.048605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16058.048605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16058.048605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16058.048605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16058.048605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16058.048605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15611508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15611508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15611508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15611508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15611508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15611508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14051.762376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14051.762376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14051.762376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14051.762376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14051.762376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14051.762376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               146                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              737                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          237.449923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             978436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1327.592944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   237.449923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.927539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.927539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         21608847                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        21608847                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      7463703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7463703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      3336022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3336022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           86                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           86                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data     10799725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        10799725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data     10799811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       10799811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          440                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          440                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           49                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           49                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          410                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          410                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          408                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          408                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          1615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         1664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         1664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     13676485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13676485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      4271997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4271997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2357500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2357500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     11505000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     11505000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        31500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        31500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     17948482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     17948482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     17948482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     17948482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      7464878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7464878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      3336462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3336462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          135                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          135                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1070                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1070                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data     10801340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10801340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data     10801475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10801475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.362963                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.362963                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.383178                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.383178                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.383099                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.383099                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 11639.561702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11639.561702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9709.084091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9709.084091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         5750                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5750                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 28198.529412                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28198.529412                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 11113.611146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11113.611146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10786.347356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10786.347356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           49                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          363                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          363                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          408                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          408                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     11313515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11313515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3391003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3391003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       905500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       905500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       732000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       732000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     10691000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10691000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        29500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     14704518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14704518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     15610018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15610018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  32292589512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  32292589512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data   1328529003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1328529003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  33621118515                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  33621118515                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.362963                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362963                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.339252                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339252                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.383099                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383099                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9628.523404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9628.523404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7706.825000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7706.825000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18479.591837                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18479.591837                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  2016.528926                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2016.528926                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 26203.431373                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26203.431373                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9104.964706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9104.964706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9381.020433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9381.020433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2324                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                     91699000645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              91698448491.171692                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              552153.828310                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.000006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.999994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          175.261736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   175.261736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.684616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.684616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.683594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              260                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses             260                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total             118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total            120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        31000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        31000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        35000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        35000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        35000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        35000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         8750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total         8750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         8750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total         8750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        25000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        25000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        27000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        27000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         6750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         6750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 1                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                        59939712                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              59939306.306433                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                405.693567                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000007                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999993                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses              575                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses             575                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total             286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total            286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        13000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        13000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        13000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.003484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.003484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.003484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        13000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        11000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        11000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        11000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        11000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          197.347931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   197.347931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.770890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.770890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses             259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total             118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total            120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        50000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        50000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        71500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        71500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        71500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        71500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 16666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        17875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        17875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        17875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        17875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        44000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        44000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        63500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        63500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        63500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        63500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 14666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        15875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        15875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 1                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                     91699000669                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              91698428859.210022                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              571809.789986                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          172.261726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   172.261726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.672897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.672897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.671875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              260                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses             260                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           57                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             57                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total             117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total            119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        48499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        48499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        69999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        69999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        69999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        69999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.065574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.040984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.040323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12124.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12124.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 13999.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13999.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 13999.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13999.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        39501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        39501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        59001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        59001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        59001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        59001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.065574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.040323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  9875.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9875.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11800.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11800.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11800.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11800.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        4410                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         3                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       3859                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    4413                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   3859                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             8269                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         8272                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       19923                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   19923                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            19923                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        19923                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       153951689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      19560                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        23496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                21702                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         2225                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       21702                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              38944                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             14951                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               86324                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               8279                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         8973                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       4565                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      4408                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              153843415.601958                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              108273.398042                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000703                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999297                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             3692                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    15219     62.68%     62.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      78      0.32%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.04%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    4565     18.80%     81.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   4408     18.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     24280                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              30051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              456                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            65.901316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            40302                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           40302                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        19467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          19467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        19467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           19467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        19467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          19467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7518496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7518496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7518496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7518496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7518496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7518496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        19923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        19923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        19923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        19923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        19923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        19923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16487.929825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16487.929825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16487.929825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16487.929825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16487.929825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16487.929825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6602504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6602504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6602504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6602504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6602504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6602504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14479.175439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14479.175439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14479.175439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14479.175439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14479.175439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14479.175439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                68                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              183                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          225.149701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               9388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            51.300546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   225.149701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.879491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.879491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            16767                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           16767                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         4028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           4028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         3702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           83                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           83                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         7730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            7730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         7786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           7786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           58                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           12                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3118498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3118498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1546500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1546500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       193499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       193499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       213500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       213500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4664998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4664998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4664998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4664998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           68                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         8067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.049776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015426                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015426                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.176471                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.176471                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.154639                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.154639                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.126316                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.126316                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 14779.611374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14779.611374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26663.793103                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26663.793103                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12899.933333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12899.933333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17791.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17791.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        17342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        17342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16601.416370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16601.416370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           99                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               99                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2694502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2694502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1430500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1430500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       152501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       152501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        34000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        34000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       189500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       189500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4125002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4125002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4277503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4277503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       136500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       136500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       328500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       328500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.049776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015426                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015426                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.176471                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.176471                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.041237                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041237                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.126316                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126316                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12770.151659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12770.151659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24663.793103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24663.793103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12708.416667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12708.416667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         8500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15791.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15791.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15334.579926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15334.579926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15222.430605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15222.430605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                56                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_task 76975807500 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -46134748.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       46217001.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -405214163827.200012
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       407620025568.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -31122648.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       31178136.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -273358761312.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       274981763280.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -175374451.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       175590105.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -327491300697.600037
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       329475454963.200073
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -78916239.360000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       79116549.120000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -8387348290.559999
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       8388842526.720000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -25363528457379.863281
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       25405963800391.667969
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -25363528457379.863281
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       25405963800391.667969
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -7363834629330.239258
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       7376155116840.002930
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -9170413233033.599609
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       9193451621607.359375
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -81876584324208.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       82013570682864.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -80291866250784.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       80419450936656.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.076976
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       184226967848.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       1231612915.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       183611399244.731903
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       112321948.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       324034765.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       256.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       10101800.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       70034280.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       32936405.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       148984733.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       13438973.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       43182230.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       109631203.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       394066197.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       175949679.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       583182711.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       92000276.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       234099114.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       256.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       6570077.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       1424.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       112321948.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       324034765.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       256.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       123005363.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       10.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       123005353.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       4895.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       29850336.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       13302855.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       46369618.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       137.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       4614.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       1787.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       12845596
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       54.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       3976816.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       59.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       6679.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       139.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       3977946.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       378.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       418.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       325.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       3079365.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       127756.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       806570.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       806758.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       821196.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       811670.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       791994.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       807380.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       792610.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       776004.000000
