sim_seconds                                  0.095616                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 95616416000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4165717897500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                9101359                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 10359496                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1402882052                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    68.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   620322251                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     706073406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2293248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        28928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1916416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          4257280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        28928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        47616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       140288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        140288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total             16630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       176706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23983831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       302542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20042751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        18742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total            44524572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       176706                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       302542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        18742                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         497990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       1467196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            1467196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       1467196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       176706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23983831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       302542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20042751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        18742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total           45991768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                     16630                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      548                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                  133040                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   4384                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              4248928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                  8352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                140288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               4257280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             140288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                  261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0           17306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1           15882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2           15992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3           16113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4           16209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5           17089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6           18754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7           15434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                 95616262000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5              133040                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               4384                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                 16494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                 16488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                 16492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                 16499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                 16503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                 16509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                 16513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                 16516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                   113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                   108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                   97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                   93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                   87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                   83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples        17472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.214286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.394545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.542116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          240      1.37%      1.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           48      0.27%      1.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127           40      0.23%      1.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            1      0.01%      1.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           40      0.23%      2.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           48      0.27%      2.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          225      1.29%      3.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16830     96.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total        17472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          183                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean   721.721311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   392.276807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   647.506514                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           20     10.93%     10.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           31     16.94%     27.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      4.37%     32.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.19%     34.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            9      4.92%     39.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.09%     40.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      2.73%     43.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      1.64%     44.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      2.73%     47.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            5      2.73%     50.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.83%     54.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      2.73%     56.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            5      2.73%     59.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.73%     62.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      4.37%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023           10      5.46%     72.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      1.09%     73.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.64%     74.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      3.28%     78.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            8      4.37%     82.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      2.19%     84.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.64%     86.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.55%     86.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.09%     87.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.64%     89.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            6      3.28%     92.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.55%     93.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            3      1.64%     95.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.09%     96.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.55%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            2      1.09%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.55%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.55%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.55%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          183                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          183                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.956284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.949247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.522306                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.55%      0.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.55%      1.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            181     98.91%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          183                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                 3871179359                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            6121783409                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                424892800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   29155.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              46105.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                      44.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       1.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                   44.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    1.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                 116043                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  3648                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                  5566204.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85864003002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT    1350527315                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          10455782.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          10573113.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2              10254384                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          10960185.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               7053504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1               7132656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               6917640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               7393776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         52351603.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         52885747.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         50560473.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         53243174.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        10510663.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        10248560.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        10338554.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        10938654.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      6016870843.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      6020884391.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      6018245683.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      6030382141.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       65758640832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1      65755120176.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2       65757434832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      65746788816.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        92252288544.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        92253249960.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        92250156884.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        92256112064.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.919516                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.920328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.917716                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.922745                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2320384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1973760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          4350976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        27136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        27648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        56832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       137728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        137728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total             16996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          538                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              538                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       283801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     24267632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       289155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20642480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total            45504487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       283801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       289155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         594375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       1440422                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            1440422                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       1440422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       283801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     24267632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       289155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20642480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total           46944910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                     16996                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      538                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                  135968                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   4304                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              4341664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                  9312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                137728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               4350976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             137728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                  291                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0           18384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1           19165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2           18395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3           16001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4           13672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5           14491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6           17920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7           17649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                 95616091000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5              135968                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               4304                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                 16880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                 16871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                 16874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                 16877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                 16882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                 16890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                 16894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                 16901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                    91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                    87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                   84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                   81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                   76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                   68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                   64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                   57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples        17833                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.185555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.315006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.683143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          244      1.37%      1.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           65      0.36%      1.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127           28      0.16%      1.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191           29      0.16%      2.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           66      0.37%      2.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          226      1.27%      3.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17175     96.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total        17833                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean   748.783333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   369.528254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   804.713956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           50     27.78%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           20     11.11%     38.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           12      6.67%     45.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           11      6.11%     51.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            8      4.44%     56.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      3.89%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            9      5.00%     65.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            9      5.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            8      4.44%     74.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           12      6.67%     81.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            8      4.44%     85.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            3      1.67%     87.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      1.67%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            3      1.67%     90.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.56%     91.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.56%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            4      2.22%     93.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            3      1.67%     95.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            2      1.11%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.56%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.56%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      0.56%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      0.56%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::4224-4351            1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.911111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.894517                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.793049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.56%      0.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.56%      1.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.56%      1.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            177     98.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                 3921642525                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            6221367675                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                434166400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   28904.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              45854.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                      45.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       1.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                   45.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    1.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                 118561                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  3587                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                  5453181.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85838418261                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT    1376036556                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          11006150.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          10818057.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          9666518.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          11014617.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               7424784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1               7297896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2               6521064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               7430496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         55743667.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1             54130752                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         46648243.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3             54372864                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        10590289.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        10537620.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        10225336.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        10603560.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      6021304859.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      6022987554.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      6016383069.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      6028894961.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0      65754751344.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1      65753275296.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2      65759068704.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       65748093360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        92257226411.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        92255452492.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        92244918251.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        92256815176.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.923687                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.922188                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.913291                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.923339                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           10                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total           10                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        28928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2208000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        23808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1830656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          4092928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        28928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       142336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        142336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           93                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total             15988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          556                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              556                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       302542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23092269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       248995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     19145834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        16064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total            42805704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       302542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       248995                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        16064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         567601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       1488615                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            1488615                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       1488615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       302542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23092269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       248995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     19145834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        16064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total           44294319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                     15988                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      556                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                  127904                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   4448                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              4087776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                  5152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                142592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               4092928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             142336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                  161                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0           17201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1           16246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2           16146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3           14080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4           14808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5           16881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6           16554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7           15827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                 95612870000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5              127904                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               4448                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                 15890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                 15884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                 15889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                 15892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                 15894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                 15902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                 15903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                 15910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                    86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                    83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                   78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                   73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                   63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples        16874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.703331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.451878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.944925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          249      1.48%      1.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           60      0.36%      1.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           39      0.23%      2.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.03%      2.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           38      0.23%      2.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           61      0.36%      2.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          239      1.42%      4.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16183     95.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total        16874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean   683.994624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   389.466963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   638.446175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           15      8.06%      8.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           30     16.13%     24.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      4.30%     28.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.76%     32.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      4.30%     36.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            4      2.15%     38.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      5.38%     44.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      4.84%     48.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      4.84%     53.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      4.84%     58.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      3.23%     61.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.76%     65.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            5      2.69%     68.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      2.15%     70.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      2.15%     72.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.69%     75.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.69%     77.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.69%     80.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      1.08%     81.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      2.15%     83.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.61%     85.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.54%     86.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      1.08%     87.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.15%     89.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      2.15%     91.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.08%     92.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.54%     93.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.08%     94.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.08%     95.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            3      1.61%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.54%     97.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            2      1.08%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.54%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.54%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3263            1      0.54%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          186                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.956989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.947739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.586588                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.54%      0.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            185     99.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          186                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                 3749057974                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            5914301824                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                408777600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   29348.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              46298.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                      42.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       1.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                   42.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    1.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                 111616                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  3709                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                  5779307.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85910824825                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT    1303629992                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          10775721.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          9849772.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          10086249.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          10735804.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               7269336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               6644688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               6804216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               7242408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         54012940.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         48260659.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         49596019.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         52108492.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        10607293.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        10122485.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        10145710.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        10845757.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      6020024794.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      6015712147.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      6017869483.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      6027700314.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       65755874208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       65759657232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       65757764832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3      65749141296.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        92254969610.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        92246652301.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        92248671826.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        92254179389.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.921781                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.914755                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.916461                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.921113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2383872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1994240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          4422144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       167680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        167680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total             17274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          655                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              655                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        34806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       219544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     24931618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        24096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       165997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20856670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total            46248795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       219544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       165997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         396250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       1753674                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            1753674                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       1753674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        34806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       219544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     24931618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        24096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       165997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20856670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total           48002469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                     17274                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      655                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                  138192                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   5240                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              4415232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                  6912                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                167936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               4422144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             167680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                  216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0           17048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1           15626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2           17856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3           18776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4           17946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5           15251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6           17969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7           17504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                 95615319000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5              138192                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               5240                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                 17136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                 17137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                 17143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                 17145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                 17150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                 17157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                 17166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                 17175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                   117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                  103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                  101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                   96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples        18283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.679210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.454163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.966824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          262      1.43%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           79      0.43%      1.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           38      0.21%      2.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.03%      2.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           40      0.22%      2.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           76      0.42%      2.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          250      1.37%      4.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17533     95.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total        18283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean   630.063927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   359.055117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   534.624506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           33     15.07%     15.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           22     10.05%     25.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           11      5.02%     30.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.20%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      3.20%     36.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.28%     38.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            8      3.65%     42.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           12      5.48%     47.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.20%     51.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           11      5.02%     56.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            8      3.65%     59.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           12      5.48%     65.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.20%     68.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      2.74%     71.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.20%     74.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      1.37%     75.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            3      1.37%     77.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      2.74%     79.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            9      4.11%     84.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.83%     85.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            6      2.74%     88.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      2.74%     91.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.37%     92.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.91%     93.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      1.83%     95.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.91%     96.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            3      1.37%     97.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.91%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.46%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.46%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.963470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.955607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.540590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.46%      0.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            218     99.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                 4002599084                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            6341292284                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                441523200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   29009.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              45959.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                      46.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       1.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                   46.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    1.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    30.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                 120577                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  4364                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                  5332997.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85794953101                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT    1419501716                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          10333612.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1              11294640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          10666857.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          11574057.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0               6971088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               7619400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               7195896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               7807896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0             51382656                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         56675174.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         52401523.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         56360678.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        10424816.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        10872299.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        10822533.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        11599303.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      6018344562.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      6026741291.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      6023831500.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      6036000243.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      65757348096.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1      65749982544.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       65752534992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3      65741860656.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        92251210148.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        92259590665.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        92253858619.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        92261608152.000015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.918605                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.925684                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.920842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.927388                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2277120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1919744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          4237056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        19968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        35840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       145920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        145920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           78                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total             16551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        16064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       208834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23815157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        24096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       160642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20077557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         5355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total            44313060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       208834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       160642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         374831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       1526098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            1526098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       1526098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        16064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       208834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23815157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        24096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       160642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20077557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         5355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           45839158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                     16551                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      570                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                  132408                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   4560                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              4232544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                  4512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                145664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               4237056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             145920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                  141                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        10849                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0           17088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1           17656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2           16305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3           17776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4           15456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5           15689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6           15867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7           16430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                 95628323000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5              132408                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               4560                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                 16452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                 16454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                 16460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                 16462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                 16467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                 16476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                 16479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                 16480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                    86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                    79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                   73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                   66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                   57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                   53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples        17458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.785199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.696723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.592758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          243      1.39%      1.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           72      0.41%      1.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127           37      0.21%      2.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.05%      2.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           37      0.21%      2.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           75      0.43%      2.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          234      1.34%      4.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16752     95.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total        17458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean   687.565445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   361.821958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   627.746450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           30     15.71%     15.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           23     12.04%     27.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      5.24%     32.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.09%     35.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      1.05%     36.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.62%     38.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            8      4.19%     42.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           11      5.76%     48.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      4.19%     52.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      4.71%     57.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      4.71%     62.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      2.62%     64.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      2.09%     67.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      2.09%     69.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            2      1.05%     70.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      2.09%     72.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.09%     74.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.52%     74.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.09%     76.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      3.66%     80.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.57%     82.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            7      3.66%     85.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      1.05%     86.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.57%     88.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.52%     89.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.05%     90.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.05%     91.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.52%     91.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.52%     92.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            4      2.09%     94.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.05%     95.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            5      2.62%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      1.05%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.832461                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.789420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.327123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.57%      1.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.52%      2.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.52%      2.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.52%      3.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.52%      3.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            183     95.81%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                 3841370066                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            6083295716                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                423254400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   29042.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              45992.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                      44.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       1.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                   44.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    1.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    30.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                 115573                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  3788                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                  5585440.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85861045108                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT    1353820186                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          10524124.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          10646294.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          9728812.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          10407398.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               7099608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               7182024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               6563088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3               7020864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         52659609.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         52954636.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         47643148.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3             50963328                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        10494074.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        10472094.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        9949962.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        10290862.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      6018272714.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      6021761662.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      6015768672.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      6023743401.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       65757411120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       65754350640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       65759607648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       65752612272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        92252866568.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        92253772668.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        92245666649.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        92251443442.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.920004                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.920770                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.913923                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.918802                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2363392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        21760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1971712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          4381952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        23552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        21760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        46848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       137472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        137472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           85                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total             17117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       246318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     24717429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       227576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20621062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        16064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total            45828449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       246318                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       227576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        16064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         489958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       1437745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            1437745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       1437745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       246318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     24717429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       227576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20621062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        16064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total           47266193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                     17117                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      537                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                  136936                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   4296                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              4373184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                  8768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                137984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               4381952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             137472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                  274                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0           18138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1           17128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2           14896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3           16155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4           16288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5           17313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6           19433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7           17311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                 95619321000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5              136936                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               4296                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                 16976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                 16972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                 16978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                 16982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                 16987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                 16995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                 17000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                 17004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                   114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                  100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                   95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                   87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                   81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                   77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples        17978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.927133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.019341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.123259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          240      1.33%      1.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           67      0.37%      1.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           45      0.25%      1.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159           12      0.07%      2.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           44      0.24%      2.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           67      0.37%      2.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          229      1.27%      3.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17274     96.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total        17978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          181                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean   754.950276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   397.419817                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   677.995299                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           22     12.15%     12.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           28     15.47%     27.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      4.97%     32.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      4.42%     37.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.21%     39.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.55%     39.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      1.10%     40.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      2.21%     43.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      2.76%     45.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      4.42%     50.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      3.31%     53.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            3      1.66%     55.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.87%     59.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      3.31%     62.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      3.31%     65.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.76%     68.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.87%     72.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.66%     74.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.66%     75.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.66%     77.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.66%     79.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.66%     80.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.21%     82.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.55%     83.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.10%     84.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            7      3.87%     88.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.10%     89.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.10%     90.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.10%     91.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.10%     92.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.10%     93.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            3      1.66%     95.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.55%     96.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.55%     96.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            2      1.10%     97.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            3      1.66%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          181                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.823204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.789951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.121365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.66%      1.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.55%      2.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.55%      2.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            176     97.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                 4022716690                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            6339137590                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                437318400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   29435.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              46385.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                      45.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       1.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                   45.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    1.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                 119412                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  3584                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                  5416297.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85828646071                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT    1386224223                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          10593676.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1              10127376                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          10560412.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          11358748.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               7146528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1               6831960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               7124088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               7662648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0             53421888                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         50065766.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         52197350.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         56562854.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        10231971.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1            10202112                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        10368414.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        10567065.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      6017650876.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      6015955705.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      6023725125.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      6031475830.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       65757956592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1      65759443584.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      65752628304.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       65745829440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        92253406849.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        92249031820.800018                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        92253009011.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        92259861903.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.920461                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.916765                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.920125                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.925913                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2399488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2014720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          4455424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        20992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        32768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       148224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        148224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total             17404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        40160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       101740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     25094938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        45515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       219544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     21070859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total            46596852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       101740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       219544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         342703                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       1550194                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            1550194                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       1550194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        40160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       101740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     25094938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        45515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       219544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     21070859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           48147046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                     17405                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      579                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                  139240                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   4632                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              4446080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                  9600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                148480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               4455680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             148224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                  300                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0           16640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1           16137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2           18930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3           18832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4           15929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5           17996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6           17889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7           16587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                 95626697000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5              139240                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               4632                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                 17279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                 17275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                 17281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                 17286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                 17291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                 17294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                 17299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                 17300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                    99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                    91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                   85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                   72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                   67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                   66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples        18312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.904325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.945015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.243214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          247      1.35%      1.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           73      0.40%      1.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           42      0.23%      1.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.04%      2.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           43      0.23%      2.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           73      0.40%      2.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          232      1.27%      3.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17594     96.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total        18312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean   711.815385                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   389.477729                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   659.205103                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           21     10.77%     10.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           28     14.36%     25.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      5.13%     30.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.59%     33.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      4.10%     37.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      3.08%     41.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.59%     44.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      1.54%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      4.10%     50.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           11      5.64%     55.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            4      2.05%     57.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      2.56%     60.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            5      2.56%     63.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            8      4.10%     67.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            9      4.62%     71.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      1.54%     73.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.51%     73.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            9      4.62%     78.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.51%     78.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      1.03%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            5      2.56%     82.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.03%     83.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            6      3.08%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.54%     88.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.03%     89.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      2.05%     91.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.54%     92.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.03%     93.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            3      1.54%     95.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      1.03%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.51%     96.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            2      1.03%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.51%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.51%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.794872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.764862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.083605                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.03%      1.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.51%      1.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      1.03%      2.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      1.03%      3.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.51%      4.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            187     95.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                 4061450757                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            6416483757                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                444608000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   29231.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              46181.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                      46.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       1.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                   46.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    1.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                 121406                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  3862                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                  5317320.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85798173217                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT    1416952577                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          9839491.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          11017036.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2              10786608                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          10417075.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0          6637752.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               7432128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               7276680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3          7027392.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         49030924.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         55591910.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         53041996.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         51236889.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        9903928.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        10278420.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        10812579.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        10301644.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      6012072610.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      6024839443.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      6025307736.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      6020934186.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       65762849808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       65751650832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       65751240048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      65755076496.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        92246739831.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        92257215087.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        92254870966.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        92251399000.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.914829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.923677                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.921697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.918765                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        28672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2208512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1854976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          4119808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        28672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        25600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        55808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       158208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        158208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total             16093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       299865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23097624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       267736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     19400183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        16064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total            43086827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       299865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       267736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        16064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         583665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       1654611                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            1654611                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       1654611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       299865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23097624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       267736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     19400183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        16064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           44741439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                     16093                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      618                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                  128744                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   4944                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              4112384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                  7424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                158400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               4119808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             158208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                  232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         3462                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0           12864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1           17050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2           15504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3           16314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4           16568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5           16985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6           17480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7           15747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                 95625278000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5              128744                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               4944                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                 15971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                 15969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                 15973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                 15981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                 15982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                 15991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                 15998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                 16000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                   101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                    94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                   90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                   81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                   72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                   62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples        17061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.324366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.776246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.920462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          263      1.54%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           69      0.40%      1.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127           43      0.25%      2.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159           10      0.06%      2.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191           42      0.25%      2.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           69      0.40%      2.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          252      1.48%      4.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16313     95.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total        17061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean   620.714976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   347.585719                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   574.862551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           26     12.56%     12.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           26     12.56%     25.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      4.83%     29.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      4.35%     34.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.42%     36.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           12      5.80%     42.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      4.83%     47.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            7      3.38%     50.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           10      4.83%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           11      5.31%     60.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.38%     64.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.38%     67.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      2.90%     70.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.42%     72.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      2.90%     75.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            8      3.86%     79.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            3      1.45%     81.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      1.93%     83.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      2.90%     85.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.48%     86.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.97%     87.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.45%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.45%     90.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.45%     91.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.45%     93.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      1.93%     95.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.48%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.97%     96.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      0.97%     97.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.48%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.48%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.48%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.913043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.904093                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.609133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.48%      0.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.48%      0.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.48%      1.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.97%      2.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            202     97.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                 3746278495                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            5924556895                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                411238400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   29151.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              46101.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                      43.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       1.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                   43.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    1.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                 112284                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  4117                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                  5722295.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85890765316                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT    1323689501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          9832233.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1              10287648                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          10444291.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          10854345.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               6632856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               6940080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2          7045752.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               7322376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         48692467.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         51147532.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         50645836.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         53008550.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        10138659.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        10265149.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        10729635.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        10859028.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      6012973794.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      6017615418.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2        6023629584                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      6028084941.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0      65762059296.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1      65757987696.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       65752712112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3      65748803904.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        92246734623.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        92250648840.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        92251612528.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        92255338462.080017                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.914825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.918131                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.918945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.922092                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2281216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1863680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          4181760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        19456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        16128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       149760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        149760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total             16335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       203480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23857995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       168674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     19491214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total            43734749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       203480                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       168674                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         382863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       1566258                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            1566258                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       1566258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       203480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23857995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       168674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     19491214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           45301008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                     16335                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      585                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                  130680                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   4680                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              4174432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                  7328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                149760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               4181760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             149760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                  229                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        34926                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0           14905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1           16284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2           17449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3           15624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4           15120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5           18586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6           15409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7           17074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                 95624519000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5              130680                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               4680                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                 16216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                 16211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                 16218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                 16225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                 16230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                 16234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                 16245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                 16249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                   100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                    94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                   87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                   60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples        17249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.692330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.446500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.968976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          252      1.46%      1.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           66      0.38%      1.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           39      0.23%      2.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      2.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           41      0.24%      2.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           65      0.38%      2.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          237      1.37%      4.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16545     95.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total        17249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean   661.239796                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   360.906207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   579.005291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           28     14.29%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           25     12.76%     27.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      4.59%     31.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.04%     33.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      1.02%     34.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.55%     37.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           12      6.12%     43.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      4.59%     47.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.57%     51.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            5      2.55%     54.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           10      5.10%     59.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.06%     62.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.57%     65.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            8      4.08%     69.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      4.08%     73.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      1.53%     75.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      1.02%     76.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      2.04%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.04%     80.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      1.02%     81.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343           11      5.61%     87.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      2.55%     89.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.51%     90.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.02%     91.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.02%     92.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.02%     93.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.51%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            3      1.53%     95.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.02%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.51%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.51%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.51%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.51%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.51%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.877551                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.856178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.903160                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.02%      1.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.51%      1.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.51%      2.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            192     97.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                 3827981649                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            6039126099                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                417443200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   29344.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              46294.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                      43.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       1.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                   43.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    1.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                 113983                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  3899                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                  5651567.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85882265752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT    1332189065                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0               9504432                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          10552550.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          10542268.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          10043308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0               6411720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               7118784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2               7111848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               6775248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         47360601.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         52092518.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         51601305.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         49074854.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        9605329.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        10540523.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        10696458.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        10072719.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      6009547939.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      6021640183.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      6023072151.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      6020125369.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       65765064432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       65754457200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       65753201088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3      65755785984.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        92243899771.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        92252807076.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        92252630436.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        92248282800.960022                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.912431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.919954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.919805                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.916133                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2324736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1946624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          4319744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        23552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        46848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       150016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        150016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total             16874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       246318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     24313147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        13387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       235608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20358680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         8032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total            45177849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       246318                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       235608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         489958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       1568936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            1568936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       1568936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       246318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     24313147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        13387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       235608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20358680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         8032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total           46746785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                     16874                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      586                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                  134992                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   4688                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              4310720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                  9024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                150016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               4319744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             150016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                  282                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        15642                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0           18928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1           15115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2           17208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3           17041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4           17523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5           15273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6           18227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7           15395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                 95648321000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5              134992                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               4688                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                 16737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                 16729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                 16737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                 16739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                 16743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                 16751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                 16762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                 16766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                   114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                   108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                  100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                   98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                   94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                   86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples        17783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.842715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.765055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.498198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          252      1.42%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           59      0.33%      1.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           46      0.26%      2.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.04%      2.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           45      0.25%      2.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           60      0.34%      2.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          235      1.32%      3.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17079     96.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total        17783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean   684.520408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   401.387282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   599.718536                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           16      8.16%      8.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           30     15.31%     23.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      4.08%     27.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      2.55%     30.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      3.57%     33.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.55%     36.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      4.59%     40.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           11      5.61%     46.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           11      5.61%     52.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            6      3.06%     55.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      4.59%     59.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            4      2.04%     61.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      2.04%     63.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           10      5.10%     68.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      2.04%     70.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      3.06%     73.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            9      4.59%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.55%     81.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.53%     82.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.53%     84.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      2.04%     86.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      3.06%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.51%     89.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.53%     91.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.51%     91.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.02%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.02%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.02%     94.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.51%     95.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.51%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.51%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.51%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      1.02%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.51%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.51%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3263            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.918367                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.900908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.806047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.02%      1.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            194     98.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                 3921757189                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            6205091689                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                431072000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   29112.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              46062.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                      45.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       1.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                   45.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    1.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    30.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                 117717                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  3898                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                  5478139.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85834655098                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT    1379799719                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0              10224144                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          10599724.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          10349337.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          10695283.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0               6897240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               7150608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               6981696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3          7215072.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         51216921.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1             52872768                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         51038707.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         52270732.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        9999728.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        10454261.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        10298741.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        10623467.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      6016760691.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      6020891997.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      6021315256.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      6026534121.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0      65758737456.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1      65755113504.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2      65754742224.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       65750164272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        92250241498.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        92253488180.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        92251131279.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        92253908265.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.917787                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.920529                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.918539                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.920884                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2306560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        35328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1907712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          4270336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        35328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        55808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       147968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        147968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total             16681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       195448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     24123054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       369476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     19951720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        18742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total            44661118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       195448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       369476                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        18742                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         583665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       1547517                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            1547517                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       1547517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       195448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     24123054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       369476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     19951720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        18742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total           46208634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                     16681                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      578                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                  133448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   4624                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              4261856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                  8480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                148224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               4270336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             147968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                  265                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           30                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0           16681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1           15713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2           15657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3           19418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4           16025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5           15496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6           17953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7           16240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                 95616348000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5              133448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               4624                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                 16539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                 16538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                 16539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                 16546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                 16554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                 16557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                 16563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                 16568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                   115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                   109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                  108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                  101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                   93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                   90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                   84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                   79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples        17565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.072018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.118644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.952663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          247      1.41%      1.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           55      0.31%      1.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           36      0.20%      1.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           37      0.21%      2.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           55      0.31%      2.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          237      1.35%      3.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16896     96.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total        17565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean   683.871134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   381.276246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   621.252670                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           15      7.73%      7.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           38     19.59%     27.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      5.15%     32.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      2.58%     35.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      1.03%     36.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            4      2.06%     38.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      5.15%     43.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           11      5.67%     48.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            4      2.06%     51.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      1.55%     52.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            5      2.58%     55.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.09%     58.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      4.12%     62.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.61%     65.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            9      4.64%     70.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023           13      6.70%     77.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.06%     79.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      2.06%     81.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.52%     81.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      1.03%     82.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      2.06%     85.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.55%     86.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.55%     88.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.55%     89.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.03%     90.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      2.06%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.03%     93.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.03%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            4      2.06%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.52%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.52%     97.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.52%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.52%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3647            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.876289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.853772                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.924707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.03%      1.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.52%      1.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.52%      2.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            190     97.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                 3881969197                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            6139421047                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                426185600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   29147.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              46097.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                      44.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       1.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                   44.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    1.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    30.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                 116393                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  3857                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                  5540086.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85851672407                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT    1363025887                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0              10426752                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1              10732176                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          9984643.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          11003731.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0               7033920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               7239960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2          6735672.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3          7423152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         52247270.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         53549683.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         49102809.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         53594611.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        10470850.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        10414448.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        10029588.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        11015377.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      6016330154.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      6022244183.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      6018080319.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      6028795261.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       65759115120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1      65753927376.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       65757579888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3      65748180816.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        92252029384.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        92254513143.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        92247918237.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        92256418266.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.919297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.921395                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.915825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.923004                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2384896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1996544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          4420352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        19712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        38400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       148992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        148992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           77                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total             17267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker         2677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       187416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     24942328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker         2677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       206157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20880766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         8032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total            46230053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       187416                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       206157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         401605                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       1558226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            1558226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       1558226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.itb.walker         2677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       187416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     24942328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker         2677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       206157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20880766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         8032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           47788279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                     17267                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      582                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                  138136                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   4656                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              4412672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                  7680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                148736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               4420352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             148992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                  240                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        10025                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0           17409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1           16184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2           15504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3           18642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4           17521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5           15824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6           18651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7           18161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                 95647760000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5              138136                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               4656                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                 17123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                 17123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                 17128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                 17134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                 17136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                 17147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                 17155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                 17160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                   121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                   113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                  108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                  102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                  100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                   81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                   76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples        18193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.723245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.525157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.853064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          262      1.44%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           71      0.39%      1.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           41      0.23%      2.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.03%      2.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           40      0.22%      2.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           70      0.38%      2.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          251      1.38%      4.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17452     95.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total        18193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean   708.329897                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   393.983054                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   674.699929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           19      9.79%      9.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           25     12.89%     22.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           14      7.22%     29.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      3.09%     32.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      3.09%     36.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            4      2.06%     38.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      2.58%     40.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           12      6.19%     46.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           10      5.15%     52.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            5      2.58%     54.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           11      5.67%     60.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.09%     63.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      4.64%     68.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.58%     70.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      3.09%     73.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      3.09%     76.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.06%     78.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      1.03%     79.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.06%     81.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      1.03%     82.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.03%     84.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.52%     84.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.55%     86.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.06%     88.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.52%     88.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.55%     90.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.03%     91.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            3      1.55%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.52%     93.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.52%     93.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.52%     94.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.52%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.52%     95.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            2      1.03%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.52%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.52%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.52%     97.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.52%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            2      1.03%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3391            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.958763                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.949892                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.574367                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.52%      0.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            193     99.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                 4015537719                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            6352874919                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                441267200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   29120.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              46070.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                      46.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       1.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                   46.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    1.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                 120480                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  3871                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                  5358718.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85807806292                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT    1406648525                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0              10414656                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1              10714032                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          10476345.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3              10995264                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               7025760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1               7227720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               7067376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               7417440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         51965222.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         53363980.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         52097011.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         54400819.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        10474168.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        10404910.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        10152345.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        10547159.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      6017323049.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      6023209389.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      6020158092.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      6028177089.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       65758244160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1      65753080704.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       65755757280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       65748723072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        92251852332.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        92254406052.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        92252113767.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        92256666160.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.919148                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.921305                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.919368                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.923213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        20736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2202112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1904128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          4149504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        39680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       165120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        165120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           81                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total             16209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        24096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       216867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23030690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         8032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       179383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     19914237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        18742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total            43397402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       216867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       179383                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        18742                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         414992                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       1726900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            1726900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       1726900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        24096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       216867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23030690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         8032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       179383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     19914237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        18742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           45124302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                     16209                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      645                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                  129672                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   5160                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              4143808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                  5696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                165120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               4149504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             165120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                  178                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         5495                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0           14769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1           17075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2           18659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3           17853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4           13624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5           15568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6           14136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7           17810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                 95618949000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5              129672                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               5160                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                 16106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                 16098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                 16105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                 16108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                 16110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                 16113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                 16118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                 16120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                    90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                    88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                   81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                   78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                   72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                   67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples        17198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.548203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.166351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.379761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          257      1.49%      1.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           71      0.41%      1.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           38      0.22%      2.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.02%      2.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           41      0.24%      2.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           70      0.41%      2.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          240      1.40%      4.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16478     95.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total        17198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean   598.879630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   359.557910                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   519.865648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           22     10.19%     10.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           29     13.43%     23.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           15      6.94%     30.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           10      4.63%     35.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           10      4.63%     39.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      2.78%     42.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      1.85%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      4.17%     48.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.24%     51.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           11      5.09%     56.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           11      5.09%     62.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           13      6.02%     68.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.24%     71.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            8      3.70%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.24%     78.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            8      3.70%     81.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.24%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      1.85%     87.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      2.78%     89.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      0.93%     90.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.46%     91.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.39%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.93%     93.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.93%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      1.85%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.46%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.93%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.46%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.46%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            2      0.93%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.888889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.872026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.810780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.46%      0.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.93%      1.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.93%      2.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            211     97.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                 3789620048                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            5984543348                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                414380800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   29264.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              46214.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                      43.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       1.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                   43.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    1.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    31.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                 113159                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  4297                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                  5673368.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85876964973                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT    1338099421                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0               9734256                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          11086588.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2               9731232                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          10394092.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0               6566760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               7479048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               6564720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3               7011888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         47999577.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1             55962816                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         46751577.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         50584435.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        10149442.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        10394542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        10454261.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        10470850.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      6011798518.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      6025045847.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      6016682770.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      6025587356.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       65763090240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1      65751469776.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       65758805808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       65750994768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        92245744110.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        92257843934.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        92245395686.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        92251448707.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.913988                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.924208                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.913694                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.918807                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        31488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2326272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1927936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          4316928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        31488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        29440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        62464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       145408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        145408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total             16863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          568                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              568                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       329316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     24329211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       307897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20163232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        16064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total            45148398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       329316                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       307897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        16064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         653277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       1520743                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            1520743                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       1520743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       329316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     24329211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       307897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20163232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        16064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total           46669141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                     16863                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      568                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                  134904                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   4544                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              4310784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                  6144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                145152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               4316928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             145408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                  192                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0           16192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1           15969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2           18593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3           15793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4           16864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5           17250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6           15848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7           18203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                 95616250000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5              134904                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               4544                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                 16739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                 16740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                 16747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                 16750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                 16759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                 16766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                 16770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                 16776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                   107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                    98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                   91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                   88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                   79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                   72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                   68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                   62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples        17744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.123535                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.321016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.670677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          235      1.32%      1.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           62      0.35%      1.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127           41      0.23%      1.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      1.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191           40      0.23%      2.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           62      0.35%      2.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          222      1.25%      3.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17078     96.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total        17744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean   710.857143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   419.243133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   645.724668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           45     23.81%     23.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           13      6.88%     30.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            9      4.76%     35.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           17      8.99%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           17      8.99%     53.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           12      6.35%     59.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           13      6.88%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            9      4.76%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           13      6.88%     78.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            7      3.70%     82.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            8      4.23%     86.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535           10      5.29%     91.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            6      3.17%     94.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            3      1.59%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.53%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      1.06%     97.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            2      1.06%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.53%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::4224-4351            1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            189    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                 3940713451                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            6224081851                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                431078400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   29252.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              46202.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                      45.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       1.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                   45.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    1.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                 117724                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  3780                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                  5485413.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85843347914                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT    1371106903                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          10231401.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1              10475136                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          10413446.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          10781164.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               6902136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               7066560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2               7024944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               7273008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         50815564.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1             52193856                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         51116582.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         52709529.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        10411545.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        10278420.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        10460897.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        10772766.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0        6018277968                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      6019644983.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2        6021752688                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      6026386432.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       65757406512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1      65756207376.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       65754358512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3      65750293824.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        92250450444.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1         92252271648                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        92251532386.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        92254622041.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.917963                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.919502                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.918877                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.921487                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2345728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1938688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          4321792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       148224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        148224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total             16882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        26774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       147255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     24532691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         8032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       190093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20275682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        18742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total            45199268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       147255                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       190093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        18742                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         356089                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       1550194                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            1550194                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       1550194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        26774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       147255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     24532691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         8032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       190093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20275682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        18742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total           46749462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                     16882                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      579                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                  135056                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   4632                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              4315136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                  6656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                148224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               4321792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             148224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                  208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0           19556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1           18105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2           15840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3           15624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4           16704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5           16952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6           17272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7           14795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                 95617218000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5              135056                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               4632                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                 16751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                 16751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                 16757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                 16760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                 16765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                 16776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                 16781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                 16784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                   109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                   105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                   99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                   96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                   90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                   79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                   74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples        17804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.694226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.648707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.676247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          239      1.34%      1.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           77      0.43%      1.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           51      0.29%      2.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.03%      2.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           51      0.29%      2.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           76      0.43%      2.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          233      1.31%      4.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17071     95.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total        17804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean   693.237113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   382.597114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   651.495828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           21     10.82%     10.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           28     14.43%     25.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      6.70%     31.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      2.58%     34.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      1.55%     36.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.03%     37.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            8      4.12%     41.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      4.64%     45.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      3.09%     48.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      4.64%     53.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.61%     57.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.09%     60.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           11      5.67%     65.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.58%     68.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      4.12%     72.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.58%     75.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      1.03%     76.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.58%     78.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      1.03%     79.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279           12      6.19%     86.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.55%     87.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.52%     88.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.55%     89.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.52%     90.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.03%     91.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.03%     92.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.55%     93.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.03%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.52%     95.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.03%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.52%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.52%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.52%     97.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.52%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3264-3327            1      0.52%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3391            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3392-3455            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.876289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.837733                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.253040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.55%      1.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.52%      2.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.52%      2.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            188     96.91%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                 3909360792                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            6195034392                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                431513600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   28990.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              45940.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                      45.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       1.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                   45.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    1.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                 117830                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  3846                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                  5476044.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85841962330                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT    1372725964                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          10973491.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          10241078.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          10421913.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          10292486.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0          7402752.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1               6908664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               7030656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               6943344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         55808563.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1             50923392                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2             51227904                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         49880563.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        10381271.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        10149027.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        10275102.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        10477900.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      6020433771.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      6017791726.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      6023386681.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      6023081782.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0      65755515456.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       65757833040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2      65752925184.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       65753192640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        92256920621.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        92250252244.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        92251672758.720016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        92250274032.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.923428                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.917796                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.918996                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.917814                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2286592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1944832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          4285696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        29440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       143104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        143104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total             16741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          559                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              559                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       307897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23914220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       246318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20339938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        13387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total            44821759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       307897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       246318                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        13387                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         567601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       1496647                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            1496647                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       1496647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       307897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23914220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       246318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20339938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        13387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total           46318406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                     16741                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      559                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                  133928                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   4472                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              4278208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                  7488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                143616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               4285696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             143104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                  234                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0           16986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1           15945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2           16688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3           15161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4           17448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5           15113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6           20049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7           16304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                 95617209000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5              133928                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               4472                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                 16637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                 16634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                 16638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                 16642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                 16644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                 16648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                 16657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                 16660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                    80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                    77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                   73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                   69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                   67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                   63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                   54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                   51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples        17618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.983313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.068579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.039989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          238      1.35%      1.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           66      0.37%      1.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127           38      0.22%      1.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.05%      1.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191           39      0.22%      2.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           65      0.37%      2.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          231      1.31%      3.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16933     96.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total        17618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean   712.973262                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   410.272419                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   604.872211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           16      8.56%      8.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           30     16.04%     24.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      5.35%     29.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.14%     32.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      1.60%     33.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            8      4.28%     37.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      2.67%     40.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            5      2.67%     43.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      4.28%     47.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            6      3.21%     50.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            8      4.28%     55.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.21%     58.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            5      2.67%     60.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      3.21%     64.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      2.67%     66.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      3.21%     70.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            9      4.81%     74.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.67%     77.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.14%     79.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.60%     81.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      2.14%     83.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      2.67%     86.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.67%     88.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.14%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.53%     91.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.07%     92.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            4      2.14%     94.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.07%     95.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.07%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.53%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.53%     97.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      1.07%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.53%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2880-2943            1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            187    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                 3862127340                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            6128240640                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                427820800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   28887.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              45837.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                      44.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       1.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                   44.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    1.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    30.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                 116832                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  3732                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                  5527006.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE  85858518139                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF    8401541400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT    1355936678                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          10430985.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          9950774.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          10394697.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          10960185.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0               7036776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1               6712824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               7012296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               7393776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0             51984192                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         48950054.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         50955340.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3             54320448                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        10570383.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        10139489.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        10507345.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        10417766.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      20396405316.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      6017486224.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      6017214375.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      6021732441.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      6028274819.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0      65758101024.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       65758339488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       65754376272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3      65748637344.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        92252014901.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        92247712321.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        92251383710.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3         92256409656                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.919285                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.915651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.918752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.922997                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              267154                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             267153                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 25                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                25                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              9283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            93274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          32760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           80443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               883                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              806                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave       751650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       751806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 751806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     70960129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     70960441                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                70960441                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    133577000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4407187500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        25000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        12500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    153169500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     46744784                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     16433892                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     40221500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       443496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     13299000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          679                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         8836                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           50                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           18                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           15                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          541                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            8                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           13                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      2024500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     71561000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        15496                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        42500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        38000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      4175500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        22499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       122500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                           776                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                         9391                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             2142995                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime           75860500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                            45668                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            403300                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  403300    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              403300                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               51000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  78                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           327345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              357633                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         4460720500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             348427                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq             267100                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp            267099                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback             9283                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           69607                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         10836                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          80443                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              806                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             806                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        16474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        13996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        13673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        11002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        10142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        25567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       176435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         7946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        16363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        13608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        13950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        10870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        25797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       176537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        16613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        13571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        13931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        10976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        25824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       176508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        16168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        13991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        13816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        11205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        25919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       176502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                705982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1144576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1093632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1097472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1108224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1112832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1119744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1064704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1107200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1138944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1121536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1160448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1087488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1077504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1094912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1045760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1152000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total     17726977                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1169408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1091840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1115392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1142784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1121280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1140480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1033216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1137408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1098752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1104896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1136128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1093120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1074944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1066496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1082624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1146624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total     17755392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1148672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1095936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1104896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1128704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1098752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1111552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1071872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1126400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1110016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1147392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1121280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1101824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1080064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1066752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1096704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1142528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total     17753344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1127168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1116160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1100544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1139712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1095936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1116928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1065472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1091328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1122304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1095936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1151488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1100544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1082112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1049856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1106432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1162496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total     17724416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               70960129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    373894400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2633041246                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     87259800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     97449400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     15170000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    112540957                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1126000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      7935970                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          114                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        61600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         3400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                          123                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime              66200                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           30335200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              17930                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           28433400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded              17179                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           28823400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded              17289                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           29010800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded              17656                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           28692600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded              17301                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           28855600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded              17538                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           27608400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded              16544                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           28951600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded              17436                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy           29073400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded              17461                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy           51025600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded              33102                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          43676400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded             27874                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          43716800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded             27970                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          36447400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded             22349                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          33181400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded             20173                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          77259200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded             51846                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          29808400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded             17984                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         687344481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded             87026                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         689309987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded             87129                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         688968365                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded             87100                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         687896840                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded             87094                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq       267100                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp       267099                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback         9283                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        69607                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        10836                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        80443                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq          806                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp          806                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       176435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       176537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       176508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       176502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total       705982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     17726977                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     17755392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     17753344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     17724416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     70960129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    213680000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1068396000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     37132000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     55685600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      8668800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     64354400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       644800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      3224000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         2888                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          167                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      9146700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       320800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        15000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                  3061                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime      9482500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy     79149700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded        89409                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy     78819200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded        89408                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy     78912000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded        89408                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy     78931200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded        89408                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   1135975200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       348349                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2395629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2395628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                25                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               25                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           138666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           93169                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         32954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         126123                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            39597                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           39597                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1038610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1248575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       896754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1052072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4247635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       626944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    115801480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1670840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       751360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     96728484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1407784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        60416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        31501                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              217079021                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1198726672                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  23326511254                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        25000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        12500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   4506741306                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     46856455                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     16591271                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     40268495                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         2499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     20209676                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    105431497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        50648                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        17614                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           13                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         2543                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1067                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          940                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           31                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          921                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp          329                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    777920986                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     35420469                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       342500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     38412500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     16299000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     19229000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       407000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        29500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     14261500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      5332500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        56188                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                       17974                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          866494986                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          41159969                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1013786                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2699965                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               2699965    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2699965                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5789152879                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            2700044                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          79668348                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              2449                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       15689730765                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            16.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            544900                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             24000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         831053622                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded            830865                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          95556661                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              2935                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       13571220219                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            14.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            479668                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             25000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                25                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy         700311129                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded            700126                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          7670000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              236                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          4041500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              145                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         9561                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         9561    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         9561                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         9561                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         9561    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         9561                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         9561                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         9561    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         9561                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         9561                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         9561    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         9561                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples         9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0             9561    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total         9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0            9561    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total         9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                    268032                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8187.065427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3144524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    268032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     11.731898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      335.935299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     1.528381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.020620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    30.696783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  4092.576053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     1.582347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.032508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    36.255202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  3473.426177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst     0.186682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data     0.156775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     4.167167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    15.819747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   194.681686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.041008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.003747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.499582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.004426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.424002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.001931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.023765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1607                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          767                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001343                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997314                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  13761939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 13761939                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       417644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       231383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       351873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       192677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           54                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1195944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           138666                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                138666                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          200                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          224                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  425                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           81                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                194                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1215                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          684                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1908                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       417644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data        232598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       351873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          1184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data        193361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            63                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1197852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       417644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          931                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       232598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       351873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1184                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       193361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          147                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           63                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1197852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       143833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       120451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           89                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                267793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        36290                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        32782                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              69077                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         4755                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         6081                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            10836                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          875                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          456                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       144708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       120907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 269129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           66                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1518                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       144708                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           73                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1751                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       120907                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           89                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                269129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      8429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    193016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  18654110841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      9030500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    220198000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15631668367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11838500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1478000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34730056208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5620496                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2287500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        77000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      7984996                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     12386000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     13454999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     25840999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     82225474                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     53303000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       503500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     136031974                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      8429000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    193016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  18736336315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      9030500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    220198000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15684971367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11838500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1981500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      34866088182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      8429000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    193016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  18736336315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      9030500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    220198000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15684971367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11838500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1981500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     34866088182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       417710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       375216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       351946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       313128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           64                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1463737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       138666                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            138666                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        36490                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        33006                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            69502                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4836                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         6194                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          11030                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1140                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3244                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       417710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       377306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       351946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       314268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           78                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1466981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       417710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       377306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       351946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       314268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           78                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1466981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.041667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.619845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.383334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.040000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.596593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.384670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.377119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.156250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.182952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.994519                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.993213                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.993885                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.983251                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.981757                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.982412                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.418660                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.357143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.411837                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.041667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.619845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.383530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.040000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.596593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.384726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.377119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.192308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.183458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.041667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.619845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.383530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.040000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.596593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.384726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.377119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.192308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.183458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 127712.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127151.515152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129692.844069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 123705.479452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       163000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 125755.568247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129776.160987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 133016.853933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       147800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129689.932926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   154.877266                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    69.779147                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        15400                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   115.595582                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2604.837014                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  2212.629337                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2384.735973                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 93971.970286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116892.543860                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       100700                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101820.339820                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 127712.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127151.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129476.852109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 123705.479452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       163000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 125755.568247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129727.570505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 133016.853933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       132100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129551.583746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 127712.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127151.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129476.852109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 123705.479452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       163000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 125755.568247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129727.570505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 133016.853933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       132100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129551.583746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9283                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9283                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           55                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          337                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       143778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       120336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           267100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        36290                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        32782                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         69077                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4755                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6081                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        10836                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          875                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          456                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       144653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       120792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            268436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       144653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       120792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           89                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           268436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    162520500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17066347841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    168283500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  14295261367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10859500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1368000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31716438708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1975953804                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1784929871                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       292000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3761175675                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    258682449                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    330616432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    589298881                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     72600474                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     48287000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       448500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121335974                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    162520500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17138948315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       152000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    168283500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  14343548367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10859500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1816500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31837774682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    162520500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17138948315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       152000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    168283500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  14343548367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10859500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1816500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31837774682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       461500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       621500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       220000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       241500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        50500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       512000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       681500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       863000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1635000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.560229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.383187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.481772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.384303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.377119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.156250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.182478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.994519                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.993213                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993885                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.983251                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.981757                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982412                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.418660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.560229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.383384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.481772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.384360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.377119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.192308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.182985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.560229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.383384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.481772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.384360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.377119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.192308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.182985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 117981.132075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118455.174927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118699.299204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 114782.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       152000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119012.376238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118794.553309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122016.853933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       136800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118743.686664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54448.988812                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54448.473888                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        58400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54449.030430                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54402.197476                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54368.760401                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54383.433093                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 82971.970286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 105892.543860                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        89700                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90820.339820                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 117981.132075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118455.174927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118483.186073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 114782.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       152000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119012.376238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118745.847134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122016.853933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       121100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118604.712788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 117981.132075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118455.174927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118483.186073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 114782.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       152000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119012.376238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118745.847134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122016.853933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       121100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118604.712788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                        776                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        66864                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        66864    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         66864                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2383                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.892992                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.404987                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.223699                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2382     99.96%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2383                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          9561                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     179009894.362514                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean    169447615.403642                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    57848781.719608                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07            9      0.09%      0.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07           74      0.77%      0.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          323      3.38%      4.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         2103     22.00%     26.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         1628     17.03%     43.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08         1731     18.10%     61.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         2515     26.30%     87.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          600      6.28%     93.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08          316      3.31%     97.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08          200      2.09%     99.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           22      0.23%     99.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           10      0.10%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           16      0.17%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            3      0.03%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            5      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            5      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            9561                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        179019301.455516      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                  17117184                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         9561                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    6369877.627863                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   16137954.316927                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         7758     81.14%     81.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1466     15.33%     96.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          207      2.17%     98.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           70      0.73%     99.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           35      0.37%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            8      0.08%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           12      0.13%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            3      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           9561                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       6377492.751872      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 609793                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           66864                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       99827.798217                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      98569.923361                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      19193.951966                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           75      0.11%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           33      0.05%      0.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        60141     89.95%     90.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1293      1.93%     92.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1119      1.67%     93.71% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1175      1.76%     95.47% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1279      1.91%     97.38% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1113      1.66%     99.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           33      0.05%     99.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            8      0.01%     99.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          568      0.85%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           12      0.02%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           12      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             66864                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               66864                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           1430018.141302                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          1172345.777237                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             66864    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          12061000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 66864                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2383                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         40127629.878305                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        53869200.161145                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2383    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       483443000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2383                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 69247                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             1380812.468410                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            1138519.476069                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               69247    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              130000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            11349000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   69247                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         9561                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.069658                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.254583                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             8895     93.03%     93.03% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              666      6.97%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         9561                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         9561                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            9561    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         9561                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             6.992574                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean            6.615436                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            2.266420                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                     9      0.09%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                   403      4.22%      4.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                  2102     21.99%     26.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                  3370     35.25%     61.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                  2476     25.90%     87.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                 932      9.75%     97.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                 210      2.20%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                  29      0.30%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                  17      0.18%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                   3      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                   3      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                   6      0.06%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.248823                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.630389                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                   7758     81.14%     81.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1466     15.33%     96.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    207      2.17%     98.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     70      0.73%     99.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     35      0.37%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      8      0.08%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                     12      0.13%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      3      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67078                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67078    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         67078                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2279                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2279    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2279                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          9561                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     179566823.554022                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    58105696.107428                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           17      0.18%      0.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07           72      0.75%      0.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          297      3.11%      4.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         2042     21.36%     25.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         1739     18.19%     43.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08         1689     17.67%     61.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         2470     25.83%     87.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          646      6.76%     93.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08          327      3.42%     97.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08          197      2.06%     99.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           26      0.27%     99.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           10      0.10%     99.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           15      0.16%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            3      0.03%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            3      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            6      0.06%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            9561                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        179592257.463405      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                  17171968                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         9561                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    6099445.664679                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   15716574.437064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         7812     81.71%     81.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1445     15.11%     96.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          186      1.95%     98.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           59      0.62%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           30      0.31%     99.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           15      0.16%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           10      0.10%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            3      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           9561                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       6101713.747564      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 583424                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           67078                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       99736.309968                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      98487.785384                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      19149.562047                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           83      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           33      0.05%      0.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        60410     90.06%     90.23% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1314      1.96%     92.19% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1185      1.77%     93.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1122      1.67%     95.63% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1169      1.74%     97.37% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1107      1.65%     99.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           30      0.04%     99.07% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            9      0.01%     99.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          585      0.87%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           17      0.03%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           10      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             67078                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               67078                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           1425468.350279                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          1170015.664851                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             67078    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          11735000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 67078                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              2279                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         41946544.098289                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        56175004.748680                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2279    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       647364000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                2279                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 69357                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             1378617.673775                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            1137224.477557                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               69357    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              130000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            11735000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   69357                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         9561                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.075306                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.263898                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             8841     92.47%     92.47% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              720      7.53%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         9561                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         9561                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            9561    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         9561                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             7.014224                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            2.274795                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                    19      0.20%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                   367      3.84%      4.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                  2034     21.27%     25.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                  3423     35.80%     61.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                  2483     25.97%     87.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                 969     10.13%     97.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                 202      2.11%     99.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                  31      0.32%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                  19      0.20%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                   4      0.04%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                   7      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                   2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.238260                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.613929                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                   7812     81.71%     81.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1445     15.11%     96.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    186      1.95%     98.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     59      0.62%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     30      0.31%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     15      0.16%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                     10      0.10%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      3      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67041                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67041    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         67041                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2308                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2308    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2308                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          9561                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     179467754.418994                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    57236725.771653                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           12      0.13%      0.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07           84      0.88%      1.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          291      3.04%      4.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         2057     21.51%     25.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         1692     17.70%     43.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08         1659     17.35%     60.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         2592     27.11%     87.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          618      6.46%     94.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08          314      3.28%     97.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08          187      1.96%     99.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           16      0.17%     99.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           12      0.13%     99.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           15      0.16%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            2      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            4      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            4      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            9561                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        179493194.976059      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                  17162496                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         9561                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    6177094.446188                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   15909690.159494                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         7799     81.57%     81.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1454     15.21%     96.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          181      1.89%     98.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           68      0.71%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           28      0.29%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           18      0.19%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            7      0.07%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            5      0.05%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           9561                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       6179357.318727      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 590848                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           67041                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       99790.387972                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      98518.247201                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      19318.396224                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           96      0.14%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           26      0.04%      0.18% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        60292     89.93%     90.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1352      2.02%     92.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1183      1.76%     93.90% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1120      1.67%     95.57% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1206      1.80%     97.37% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1100      1.64%     99.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           26      0.04%     99.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           12      0.02%     99.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          595      0.89%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           16      0.02%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            9      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            2      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            4      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             67041                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               67041                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           1426242.135410                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          1168112.411263                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             67041    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            146000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          13717000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 67041                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2308                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         41444469.670711                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        56446248.199029                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2308    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          158000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       502141000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2308                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 69349                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             1378775.454585                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            1139048.926121                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               69349    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              113000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            13717000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   69349                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         9561                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.069344                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.254052                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             8898     93.07%     93.07% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              663      6.93%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         9561                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         9561                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            9561    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         9561                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             7.010355                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            2.233025                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                    10      0.10%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                   372      3.89%      4.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                  2056     21.50%     25.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                  3373     35.28%     60.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                  2579     26.97%     87.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                 932      9.75%     97.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                 180      1.88%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                  30      0.31%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                  18      0.19%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                   2      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   2      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   7      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.241293                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.621472                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                   7799     81.57%     81.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1454     15.21%     96.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    181      1.89%     98.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     68      0.71%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     28      0.29%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     18      0.19%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      7      0.07%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      5      0.05%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        66923                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        66923    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         66923                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2314                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2314    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2314                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          9561                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     179151804.204581                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    58476692.520488                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           14      0.15%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07           75      0.78%      0.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          348      3.64%      4.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         2069     21.64%     26.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         1599     16.72%     42.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08         1779     18.61%     61.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         2460     25.73%     87.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          637      6.66%     93.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08          298      3.12%     97.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08          221      2.31%     99.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           23      0.24%     99.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           10      0.10%     99.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           15      0.16%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            5      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            5      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            9561                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        179174588.597841      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                  17132032                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         9561                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    6195837.255517                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   16228826.676804                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         7816     81.75%     81.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1415     14.80%     96.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          219      2.29%     98.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           44      0.46%     99.30% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           33      0.35%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           19      0.20%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            9      0.09%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            2      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            2      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           9561                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       6195421.505864      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 592384                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           66922                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       99693.284720                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      98462.926777                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      18969.205962                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           83      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           38      0.06%      0.18% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        60282     90.08%     90.26% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1302      1.95%     92.20% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1161      1.73%     93.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1169      1.75%     95.69% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1145      1.71%     97.40% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1120      1.67%     99.07% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           28      0.04%     99.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           10      0.01%     99.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          558      0.83%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           12      0.02%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            9      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             66922                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               66923                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           1428767.284790                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          1176246.418310                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             66923    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            146000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          12077000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 66923                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              2314                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         41307878.133103                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        57050638.905692                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2314    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          150000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       684258000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                2314                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 69237                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             1381000.895475                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            1144619.649645                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               69237    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              129000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            11676000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   69237                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         9561                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.074051                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.261867                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             8853     92.59%     92.59% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              708      7.41%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         9561                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         9561                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            9561    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         9561                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             6.998117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            2.278652                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                    15      0.16%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                   427      4.47%      4.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                  2043     21.37%     25.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                  3378     35.33%     61.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                  2491     26.05%     87.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                 933      9.76%     97.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                 212      2.22%     99.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                  34      0.36%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                  16      0.17%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                   1      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                   3      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                   8      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.242025                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.633939                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                   7816     81.75%     81.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1415     14.80%     96.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    219      2.29%     98.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     44      0.46%     99.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     33      0.35%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     19      0.20%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      9      0.09%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      2      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      2      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       267983                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       267983    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total         267983                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         9284                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.972533                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.847141                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.646504                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         9283     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          9284                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           9561                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      717196276.540111                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     685231761.259066                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     214114174.999987                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08            3      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           59      0.62%      0.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08          420      4.39%      5.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08         1250     13.07%     18.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08         2554     26.71%     44.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08         2297     24.02%     68.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08         1592     16.65%     85.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09          871      9.11%     94.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09          381      3.98%     98.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09           79      0.83%     99.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09           18      0.19%     99.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09           10      0.10%     99.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09           13      0.14%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            2      0.02%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            2      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            5      0.05%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            4      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             9561                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         717279342.492821      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   68583680                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          9561                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     24842254.994247                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    47405951.872166                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         7772     81.29%     81.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1110     11.61%     92.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          318      3.33%     96.22% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          131      1.37%     97.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           24      0.25%     97.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           27      0.28%     98.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           50      0.52%     98.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08           34      0.36%     99.01% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08           16      0.17%     99.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08           34      0.36%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           11      0.12%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           11      0.12%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           11      0.12%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            4      0.04%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            4      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            2      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            9561                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        24853985.324026      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 2376449                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples           267905                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        108723.685635                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       107515.282412                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       19422.367277                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151          328      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            9      0.00%      0.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          123      0.05%      0.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           12      0.00%      0.18% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687       241523     90.15%     90.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         6882      2.57%     92.90% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         4559      1.70%     94.60% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         4659      1.74%     96.34% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         4709      1.76%     98.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607         2462      0.92%     99.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991          201      0.08%     99.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           20      0.01%     99.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759         2293      0.86%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           74      0.03%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527           36      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            8      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total             267905                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples               267983                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            356801.925868                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           558173.099131                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                  2094      0.78%      0.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000              2637      0.98%      1.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000             1618      0.60%      2.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000             3411      1.27%      3.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000             1718      0.64%      4.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000             1925      0.72%      5.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000             1719      0.64%      5.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000             2448      0.91%      6.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000             1773      0.66%      7.22% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000             1845      0.69%      7.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000             1764      0.66%      8.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000             1963      0.73%      9.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000             2687      1.00%     10.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000             1772      0.66%     10.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000             2549      0.95%     11.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             1859      0.69%     12.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             2370      0.88%     13.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000             1654      0.62%     14.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             2156      0.80%     14.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            2011      0.75%     15.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows             226010     84.34%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            8743500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                 267983                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples               9284                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          10299053.856097                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         13914994.870881                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             43      0.46%      0.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              4      0.04%      0.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              5      0.05%      0.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              6      0.06%      0.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             13      0.14%      0.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              9      0.10%      0.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             14      0.15%      1.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              6      0.06%      1.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              8      0.09%      1.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              9      0.10%      1.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             11      0.12%      1.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              3      0.03%      1.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              8      0.09%      1.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              9      0.10%      1.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             10      0.11%      1.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              7      0.08%      1.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            10      0.11%      1.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             9109     98.12%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        140956000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                 9284                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 277267                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              344853.213689                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             550522.975637                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                    2159      0.78%      0.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                2702      0.97%      1.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000               1691      0.61%      2.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               3815      1.38%      3.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000               1858      0.67%      4.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000               2062      0.74%      5.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000               2016      0.73%      5.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000               2777      1.00%      6.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000               2004      0.72%      7.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000               2074      0.75%      8.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000               1963      0.71%      9.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000               2189      0.79%      9.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000               5512      1.99%     11.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               1891      0.68%     12.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               2658      0.96%     13.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               1959      0.71%     14.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               2511      0.91%     15.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               1767      0.64%     15.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000               2292      0.83%     16.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000              2145      0.77%     17.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               229222     82.67%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              8630500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   277267                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         9561                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.311160                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.521634                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              6862     71.77%     71.77% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              2423     25.34%     97.11% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               276      2.89%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          9561                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         9561                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             9561    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         9561                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             28.023324                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean            26.771343                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             8.371823                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                     12      0.13%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                   465      4.86%      4.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                 2421     25.32%     30.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                 3675     38.44%     68.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                 2223     23.25%     92.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                  633      6.62%     98.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                   91      0.95%     99.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                   16      0.17%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                   13      0.14%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                    2      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                    1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                    9      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.970401                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.851795                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                  7772     81.29%     81.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  1428     14.94%     96.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                   131      1.37%     97.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    51      0.53%     98.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                    50      0.52%     98.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                  50      0.52%     99.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                  34      0.36%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                  22      0.23%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                  11      0.12%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                   8      0.08%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   3      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                9561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    11828591                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    415472                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3352683                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       90                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                    23                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                12244063                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3352773                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         15181274                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         415562                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     15596836                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    44185776                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                44185788                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         44185776                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     44185788                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       191232677                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   39146879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     39716716                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             34402687                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     273114                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      3881838                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    34402687                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           54226762                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          26328333                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           154559215                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           20216199                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     15205100                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11829802                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3375298                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                668.007459                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              191232008.992541                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999997                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000003                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5044618                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 24535143     61.74%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     614      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11829802     29.77%     91.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3375298      8.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  39740864                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           23356748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9537.259290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         88374001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        88374001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     44183327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       44183327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     44183327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        44183327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     44183327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       44183327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2449                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2449                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    213926348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213926348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    213926348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    213926348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    213926348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    213926348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     44185776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44185776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     44185776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     44185776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     44185776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     44185776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 87352.530829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87352.530829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 87352.530829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87352.530829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 87352.530829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87352.530829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    208876652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    208876652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    208876652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    208876652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    208876652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    208876652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 85290.588812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85290.588812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 85290.588812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85290.588812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 85290.588812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85290.588812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               153                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           401837                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          254.389701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           14783137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           401837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            36.788890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   254.389701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.993710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         30843926                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        30843926                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     11310165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11310165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      3222974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3222974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          209                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          209                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        57787                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        57787                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        45011                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        45011                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     14533139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14533139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     14533348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14533348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       452709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       452709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        68615                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        68615                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           59                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           59                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         7639                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7639                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        15902                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        15902                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       521324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        521324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       521383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       521383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  23557429455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23557429455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2745576997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2745576997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     55333496                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     55333496                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    452132498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    452132498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        52000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        52000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  26303006452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26303006452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  26303006452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26303006452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     11762874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11762874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      3291589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3291589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        65426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        65426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        60913                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        60913                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     15054463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15054463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     15054731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15054731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.038486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.020846                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020846                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.220149                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.220149                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.116758                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.116758                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.261061                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.261061                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.034629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.034633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 52036.583004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52036.583004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 40014.238825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40014.238825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7243.552297                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7243.552297                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 28432.429757                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28432.429757                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 50454.240457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50454.240457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 50448.531026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50448.531026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        75044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            75044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       452709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       452709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        68614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        68614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           59                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           59                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         7584                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7584                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        15901                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        15901                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       521323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       521323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       521382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       521382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  22651785911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22651785911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2608290501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2608290501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4994501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4994501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     35683501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35683501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    420334502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420334502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        46000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        46000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  25260076412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25260076412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  25265070913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25265070913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       738997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       738997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1256997                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1256997                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.038486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.020845                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020845                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.220149                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220149                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.115917                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115917                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.261044                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261044                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.034629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.034632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 50036.084794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50036.084794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 38013.969467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38013.969467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 84652.559322                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84652.559322                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4705.102980                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4705.102980                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 26434.469656                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26434.469656                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 48453.792394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48453.792394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 48457.888675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48457.888675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             12708                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    11868161                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    350104                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    2944548                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       82                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    20                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                12218265                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                2944630                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         14812709                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         350186                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     15162895                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    44640624                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                        13                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                44640637                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         44640624                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                             13                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     44640637                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       187764855                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   40342767                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     40877778                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             34555984                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     262568                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      4504734                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    34555984                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           52538192                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          25809281                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           158162513                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           22308735                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     14835107                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   11869548                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2965559                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              9301615.115907                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              178463239.884093                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.950461                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.049539                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          5821627                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 26064859     63.73%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     580      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                12      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                11869548     29.02%     92.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2965559      7.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  40900559                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2935                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           44649655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         15212.829642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         89284183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        89284183                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     44637689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       44637689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     44637689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        44637689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     44637689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       44637689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    245702661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245702661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    245702661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    245702661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    245702661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    245702661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     44640624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44640624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     44640624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     44640624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     44640624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     44640624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 83714.705622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83714.705622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 83714.705622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83714.705622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 83714.705622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83714.705622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    239494339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    239494339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    239494339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    239494339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    239494339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    239494339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 81599.434072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81599.434072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 81599.434072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81599.434072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 81599.434072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81599.434072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               165                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           333946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          253.806805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            6926810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           333946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.742306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   253.806805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.991433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.910156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         30041591                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        30041591                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     11418916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11418916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      2825075                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2825075                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        50416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        38109                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        38109                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     14243991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        14243991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     14244273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       14244273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       389511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       389511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        64126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        64126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           75                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         8932                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8932                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        17053                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        17053                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       453637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        453637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       453712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       453712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  20198042416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20198042416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2464158490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2464158490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     60488494                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     60488494                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    586457500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    586457500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  22662200906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22662200906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  22662200906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22662200906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     11808427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11808427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      2889201                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2889201                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          357                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          357                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        59348                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        59348                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        55162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        55162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     14697628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14697628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     14697985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14697985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.032986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.022195                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022195                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.210084                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.210084                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.150502                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.150502                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.309144                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.309144                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 51854.870379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51854.870379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 38426.823597                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38426.823597                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6772.110837                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6772.110837                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 34390.283235                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34390.283235                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 49956.685425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49956.685425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 49948.427430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49948.427430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        63577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            63577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       389511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       389511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        64126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        64126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         8864                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8864                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        17051                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        17051                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       453637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       453637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       453712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       453712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  19418745966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19418745966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2335902498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2335902498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6823502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6823502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     36320996                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36320996                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    552357500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    552357500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data         2500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         2500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  21754648464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21754648464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  21761471966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21761471966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       972993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       972993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       550500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       550500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1523493                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1523493                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.032986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.022195                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022195                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.210084                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210084                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.149356                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149356                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.309108                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309108                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 49854.165777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49854.165777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 36426.761345                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36426.761345                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 90980.026667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90980.026667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4097.585289                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4097.585289                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 32394.434344                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32394.434344                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 47956.071626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47956.071626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 47963.183619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47963.183619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry             12031                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          191.013964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   191.013964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.746148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.746148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.738281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          149.289452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   149.289452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.583162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.583162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.582031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data          186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.726562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.726562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          212.004040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   212.004040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.828141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.828141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.703125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.703125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.703125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        2125                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       1881                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    2127                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   1881                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             4006                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         4008                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       10023                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   10023                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            10023                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        10023                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       191232838                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                       9837                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        11701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                10796                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1142                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       10796                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              19422                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              7340                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               42801                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               4378                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         4366                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       2216                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      2150                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              191153258.995504                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              79579.004496                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000416                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999584                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             1860                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     7675     63.42%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      54      0.45%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.05%     63.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    2216     18.31%     82.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   2150     17.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     12101                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              22090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            93.601695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            20282                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           20282                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           9787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total            9787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total           9787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14701500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14701500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14701500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14701500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14701500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14701500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        10023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        10023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 62294.491525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62294.491525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 62294.491525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62294.491525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 62294.491525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62294.491525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14229500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14229500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14229500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14229500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14229500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14229500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 60294.491525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60294.491525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 60294.491525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60294.491525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 60294.491525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60294.491525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                32                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               94                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          225.884925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               6791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               94                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            72.244681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   225.884925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.882363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             8128                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses            8128                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           42                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           42                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         3746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            3746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         3772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           3772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            6                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2651500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2651500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1105500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1105500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       223000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       223000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       113000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           32                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           48                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.049461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187500                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.187500                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.163265                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.163265                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.125000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26252.475248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26252.475248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 42519.230769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42519.230769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        27875                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        27875                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18833.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18833.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29582.677165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29582.677165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28248.120301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28248.120301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2449500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2449500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1053500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1053500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       216000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       216000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       101000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       101000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3719000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3719000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       137500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       137500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.049461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014200                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014200                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187500                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.187500                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040816                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040816                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24252.475248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24252.475248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 40519.230769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40519.230769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        36000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16833.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16833.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27582.677165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27582.677165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27962.406015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27962.406015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                19                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 95616416000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -500456880.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       671262681.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -337609800.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       452835936.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -2251605158.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       3319633574.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -636592296.960000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       667410140.160000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -1199947446435.842041
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       1305369940254.719238
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -353491112995.199951
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       385364773180.799927
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -3869096905248.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       4208302978848.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.095616
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       570230370.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       200455542.118870
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       68969467.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       10868105.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       23701566.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       6343007.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       79499483.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       106784376.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       52144954.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       536366.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       68969467.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       88836448.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       25.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       88836423.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       5620.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       23573343.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       6182621.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       30763739.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       765750.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       842321.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       132767.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       3773017
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       267905.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       9283.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       282425.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1869590.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       61839.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       267100.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
