sim_seconds                                  0.068746                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 68746352000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4218148521500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                8157902                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  9120702                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              729171142                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1592984                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    94.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   769127943                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     859900924                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1135616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1136128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1132288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1037824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          4495616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        15872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        12800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        52480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       183552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        183552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total             17561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          717                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              717                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       230878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     16518927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       215982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     16526375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       107991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     16470518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker         3724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       186192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     15096423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        22343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        11172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total            65394248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       230878                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       215982                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       107991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       186192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        22343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         763386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       2669989                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            2669989                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       2669989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       230878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     16518927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       215982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     16526375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       107991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     16470518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.itb.walker         3724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       186192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     15096423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        22343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        11172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           68064237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                     17561                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      717                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                  140488                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   5736                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              4488160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                  7456                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                183808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               4495616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             183552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                  233                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        23702                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            8368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            8816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2           13025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            8848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4            7880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            6849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6           10145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            7616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::8            8760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::9            6824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::10           7688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::11           9425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::12           8234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::13           8312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::14          10136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::15           9329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::8             215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::9             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::10            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::11            496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::12            392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::13            368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::14            296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::15            352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                 68753369000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5              140488                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               5736                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                 17341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                 17350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                 17356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                 17365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                 17371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                 17388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                 17393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                 17400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                   184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                   169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                  163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                  154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                  148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                  131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                  126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                  119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples        18526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.184390                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.960436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.978900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          244      1.32%      1.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           19      0.10%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           13      0.07%      1.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           14      0.08%      1.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           18      0.10%      1.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          236      1.27%      2.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17980     97.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total        18526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean   582.037344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   335.657267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   519.084028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           31     12.86%     12.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           31     12.86%     25.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      4.98%     30.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      3.73%     34.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           10      4.15%     38.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            9      3.73%     42.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           14      5.81%     48.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           14      5.81%     53.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           12      4.98%     58.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           12      4.98%     63.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            5      2.07%     65.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      2.90%     68.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      2.90%     71.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            8      3.32%     75.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      2.49%     77.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            8      3.32%     80.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.83%     81.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151           10      4.15%     85.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      1.66%     87.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.66%     89.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.24%     90.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      2.49%     92.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.41%     93.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.24%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.83%     95.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.83%     96.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.41%     96.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.41%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.41%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.41%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      0.83%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      0.83%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.834025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.806026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.035537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.24%      1.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.41%      1.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.83%      2.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.41%      2.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            234     97.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                 3658686850                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            6036009100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                448816000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   26085.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              43035.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                      65.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       2.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                   65.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    2.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                 122677                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  4796                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                  3761536.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65491128750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT    1764001050                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          6570547.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          8236771.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          5897404.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          7001769.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::4          6145372.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::5          6562684.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::6          6354633.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::7               6949152                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               4432512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1          5556552.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               3978408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               4723416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::4               4145688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::5               4427208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::6               4286856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::7               4687920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0             34661952                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         45098726.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         30480652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         37291737.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::4         32150476.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::5             34369920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::6         33387494.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::7         36704678.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        5497528.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        5922616.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        5407948.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        5537341.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::4        5165752.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::5        5480939.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::6        5255331.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::7        5461032.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      1691008274.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      1702130497.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      1678308091.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      1694187944.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::4      1688771977.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::5      1693393191.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::6      1691261573.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::7      1707419678.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       75114757776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       75105001440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       75125898288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       75111968592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::4       75116719440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::5       75112665744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::6       75114535584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::7       75100361808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        82296977384.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        82311995398.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        82290019587.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        82300759595.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::4        82293147502.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::5        82296948481.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::6        82295130267.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::7         82301633064                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          64.463985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          64.475748                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          64.458535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          64.466947                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::4          64.460985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::5          64.463962                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::6          64.462538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::7          64.467632                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1070080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        15104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1112320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1081600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1033216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          4354560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        14080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        56576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       166656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        166656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           59                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total             17010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       242049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     15565626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       219706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     16180059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       126610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     15733198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       204811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     15029394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        29791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        11172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total            63342416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       242049                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       219706                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       126610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       204811                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        29791                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         822967                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       2424216                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            2424216                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       2424216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       242049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     15565626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       219706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     16180059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       126610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     15733198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       204811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     15029394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        29791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        11172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total           65766632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                     17010                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      651                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                  136080                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   5208                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              4349440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                  5120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                166912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               4354560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             166656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                  160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            7240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            7944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2            8081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            9008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4            7433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            9633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            9168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            7040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::8            9521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::9            9193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::10           8640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::11           9113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::12           9296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::13           7305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::14           8400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::15           8905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::8             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::9             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::10            392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::11            232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::12            408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::13            295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::14            264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::15            336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                 68753641000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5              136080                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               5208                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                 16785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                 16782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                 16794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                 16805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                 16810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                 16820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                 16834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                 16841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                   197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                   193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                  183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                  172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                  167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                  157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                  143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                  137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples        17908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.197454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.009698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.899088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          233      1.30%      1.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           18      0.10%      1.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127           15      0.08%      1.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191           15      0.08%      1.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           19      0.11%      1.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          223      1.25%      2.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17383     97.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total        17908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean   623.669725                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   362.467975                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   572.489302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           21      9.63%      9.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           30     13.76%     23.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      5.50%     28.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.21%     32.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      3.67%     35.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           11      5.05%     40.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           13      5.96%     46.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           12      5.50%     52.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           11      5.05%     57.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      4.13%     61.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            3      1.38%     62.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           11      5.05%     67.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      3.67%     71.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.29%     73.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.21%     77.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      1.38%     78.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            8      3.67%     82.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      1.83%     83.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.46%     84.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            6      2.75%     87.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.38%     88.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      0.92%     89.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      0.92%     90.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      2.29%     92.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      1.83%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.38%     95.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.46%     96.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      0.92%     97.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.46%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            2      0.92%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.46%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.46%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.926606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.901347                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.031365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.92%      0.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.46%      1.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.46%      1.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            213     97.71%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                 3570327100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            5874171100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                434944000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   26267.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              43217.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                      63.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       2.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                   63.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    2.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                 118875                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  4353                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                  3892964.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65590016400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT    1665113400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          6077635.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          6903187.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          6313507.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          6083078.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::4          6826982.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::5          6791299.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::6          6421161.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::7          6553612.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               4099992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               4656912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2               4259112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3          4103664.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::4               4605504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::5               4581432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::6               4331736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::7               4421088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         31648281.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1             36331776                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2             33091968                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         31732646.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::4         36435110.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::5         35918937.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::6             33873216                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::7         34226150.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        5368135.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        5849210.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        5454812.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        5238743.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::4        5388042.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::5        5461032.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::6        5192294.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::7        5361500.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      1681373560.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      1692045218.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      1684639687.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      1686544162.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::4      1690786604.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::5      1698374900.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::6      1693829036.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::7      1700962882.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       75123209280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       75113848176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       75120344256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       75118673664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::4       75114952224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::5       75108295824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::6       75112283424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::7       75106025664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        82291825679.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        82299683275.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        82294152137.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        82292424752.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::4        82299043261.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::5        82299472220.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::6        82295979662.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::7        82297599692.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          64.459949                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          64.466104                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          64.461772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          64.460419                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::4          64.465603                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::5          64.465939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::6          64.463203                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::7          64.464472                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1086208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1055488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1074432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        15616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1009920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          4289792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         9472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        15616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        58624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       165120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        165120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           61                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         3945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total             16757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       260668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     15800227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        40962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       193639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15353367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       137782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     15628931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       227154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     14690525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        33515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        22343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total            62400286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       260668                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       193639                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       137782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       227154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        33515                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         852758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       2401873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            2401873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       2401873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       260668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     15800227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        40962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       193639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15353367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       137782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     15628931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       227154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     14690525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        33515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        22343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total           64802159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                     16757                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      645                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                  134056                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   5160                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              4283744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                  6048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                164864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               4289792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             165120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                  189                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        28580                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            8416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            7456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2            8131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            8064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            8498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5            9210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            9809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            8128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::8            7985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::9            6872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::10           7401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::11           8809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::12           7784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::13           9640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::14           9160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::15           8504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::8             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::9             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::10            312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::11            401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::12            288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::13            384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::14            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::15            264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                 68736034000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5              134056                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               5160                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                 16537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                 16542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                 16554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                 16567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                 16575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                 16591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                 16600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                 16613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                   188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                   172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                  160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                  147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                  139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                  125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                  116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples        17625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.403291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.376902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.275364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          223      1.27%      1.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           14      0.08%      1.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.06%      1.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.06%      1.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.08%      1.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          212      1.20%      2.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17138     97.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total        17625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          215                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean   612.181395                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   355.061595                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   530.331989                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           32     14.88%     14.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           20      9.30%     24.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6      2.79%     26.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           11      5.12%     32.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      3.72%     35.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            9      4.19%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      4.65%     44.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            7      3.26%     47.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      4.19%     52.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      4.65%     56.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           10      4.65%     61.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      3.72%     65.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           10      4.65%     69.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           10      4.65%     74.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      3.72%     78.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.33%     80.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      1.86%     82.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      2.79%     85.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      1.86%     86.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      3.26%     90.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            5      2.33%     92.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.40%     93.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.93%     94.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.47%     95.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.47%     95.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.93%     96.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.47%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.47%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.47%     98.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.47%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.47%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          215                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          215                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.962791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.954588                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.554094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.47%      0.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.47%      0.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            212     98.60%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          215                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                 3504757750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            5773803400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                428374400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   26180.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              43130.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                      62.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       2.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                   62.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    2.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    30.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                 117093                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  4301                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                  3949892.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65606130500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT    1648999300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          6427209.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          6797347.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          6736867.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          6871737.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::4          5760115.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::5          6243955.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::6          6706022.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::7          6473174.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0               4335816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               4585512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               4544712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               4635696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::4               3885792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::5               4212192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::6               4523904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::7               4366824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         34089369.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1             35275968                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         35421235.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         36792038.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::4         29543155.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::5         32270284.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::6         35447193.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::7         34351948.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        5371453.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        6154444.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        5650145.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        5417902.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::4        5235425.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::5        5378503.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::6        5315051.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::7        5109350.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      1683590103.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      1692684457.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      1692187107.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      1688151288.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::4      1691234979.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::5      1696601753.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::6      1700805343.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::7      1691717719.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       75121264944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       75113287440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       75113723712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       75117263904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::4       75114558912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::5       75109851216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::6       75106163856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::7       75114135456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        82295127690.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        82298833964.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        82298312573.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        82299181361.280014                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::4        82290267173.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::5        82294606699.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::6        82299010165.439987                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::7        82296203267.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          64.462536                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          64.465439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          64.465031                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          64.465711                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::4          64.458729                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::5          64.462128                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::6          64.465577                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::7          64.463378                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1116160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1090560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1120000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1039360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          4421632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        16128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        12800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        53248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       151552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        151552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total             17272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          592                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              592                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       175020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     16235916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       234602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15863533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       148953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     16291774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        26067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       186192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     15118766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        29791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total            64318060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       175020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       234602                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       148953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       186192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        29791                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         774557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       2204510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            2204510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       2204510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       175020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     16235916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       234602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15863533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       148953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     16291774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        26067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       186192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     15118766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        29791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           66522570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                     17272                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      592                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                  138176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   4736                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              4416160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                  5472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                151296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               4421632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             151552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                  171                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        11026                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            7136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            8128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2            8984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3            9065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4           10113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5            9016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            7937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7            8881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::8            9425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::9            7896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::10           8280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::11           9752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::12           8792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::13           7432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::14           8704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::15           8464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::8             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::9             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::10            208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::11            360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::12            376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::13            200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::14            225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::15            279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                 68772637000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5              138176                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               4736                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                 17093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                 17094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                 17104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                 17109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                 17121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                 17131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                 17141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                 17144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                  141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                  136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                  124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                  114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                  101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples        18078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.652727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.978867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.225425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          203      1.12%      1.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           22      0.12%      1.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.06%      1.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.06%      1.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           22      0.12%      1.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          198      1.10%      2.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17609     97.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total        18078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean   693.681818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   393.892529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   652.809488                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           18      9.09%      9.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           32     16.16%     25.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           11      5.56%     30.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      1.01%     31.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      1.52%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            9      4.55%     37.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.54%     41.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            7      3.54%     44.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           10      5.05%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           13      6.57%     56.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            3      1.52%     58.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           10      5.05%     63.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           11      5.56%     68.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      2.02%     70.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           10      5.05%     75.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.53%     78.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.02%     80.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.53%     82.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      1.01%     83.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.52%     85.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.51%     85.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.01%     86.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      1.01%     87.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.51%     88.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.01%     89.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.52%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            3      1.52%     92.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.51%     92.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.01%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.51%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.01%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.51%     95.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            2      1.01%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            2      1.01%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            2      1.01%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::3904-3967            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.878788                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.861335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.828095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.51%      0.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.51%      1.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.51%      1.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.51%      2.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.51%      2.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            193     97.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                 3600600550                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            5939785300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                441616000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   26090.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              43040.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                      64.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       2.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                   64.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    2.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    30.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                 120709                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  3946                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                  3849789.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65595100850                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT    1660028950                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          6305644.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          7278163.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          6614697.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          6532444.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::4               6655824                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::5          6522163.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::6               6468336                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::7          6605020.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               4253808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               4909872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               4462296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3               4406808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::4               4490040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::5               4399872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::6               4363560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::7               4455768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         32915251.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         39417830.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         35169139.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         34431820.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::4         35334374.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::5         34508697.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::6         33866726.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::7         34503705.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        5590425.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        5470986.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        5421219.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        5331640.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::4        5311733.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::5        5248696.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::6        5344911.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::7        5368550.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      1685261580.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      1687293881.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      1683398419.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      1695423139.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::4      1694535252.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::5      1692093153.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::6      1698435694.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::7      1705149838.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       75119798736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       75118016016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       75121433088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       75110885088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::4       75111663936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::5       75113806128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::6       75108242496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::7       75102352896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        82294174240.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        82302435543.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        82296547654.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        82297059735.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::4        82298039954.879990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::5        82296627504.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::6        82296770518.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::7        82298484573.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          64.461789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          64.468260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          64.463648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          64.464049                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::4          64.464817                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::5          64.463711                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::6          64.463823                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::7          64.465165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1086976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1052672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1116928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1037056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          4351232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        56832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       169728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        169728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total             16997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       249497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     15811399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       204811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15312405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       126610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     16247088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       223430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     15085251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        22343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        11172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total            63294006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       249497                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       204811                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       126610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       223430                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        22343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         826691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       2468902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            2468902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       2468902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       249497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     15811399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       204811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15312405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       126610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     16247088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       223430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     15085251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        22343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        11172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total           65762908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                     16997                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      663                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                  135976                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   5304                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              4346368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                  4864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                169984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               4351232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             169728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                  152                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            8200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            7848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2            8640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3            8184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4            6482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            8888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6           10649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            9264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::8            8848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::9            8360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::10           6857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::11           8369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::12           8336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::13           9448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::14           9345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::15           8106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::8             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::9             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::10            408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::11            240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::12            385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::13            304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::14            264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::15            352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                 68755499000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5              135976                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               5304                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                 16786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                 16789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                 16799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                 16806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                 16814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                 16829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                 16840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                 16852                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                   184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                   173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                  164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                  157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                  149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                  134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                  124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                  112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples        17889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.465314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.475866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.093250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          226      1.26%      1.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.07%      1.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.06%      1.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.06%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           12      0.07%      1.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          218      1.22%      2.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17401     97.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total        17889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean   608.689189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   349.060759                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   545.712103                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           22      9.91%      9.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           34     15.32%     25.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      3.60%     28.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           10      4.50%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           12      5.41%     38.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            9      4.05%     42.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            8      3.60%     46.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           13      5.86%     52.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      2.25%     54.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      3.60%     58.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.15%     61.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           13      5.86%     67.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           10      4.50%     71.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      2.70%     74.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.45%     74.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.15%     77.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.25%     80.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.25%     82.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.25%     84.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            6      2.70%     87.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            7      3.15%     90.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      1.80%     92.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.45%     92.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.35%     94.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.90%     95.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.90%     95.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.45%     96.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.45%     96.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            3      1.35%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.45%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.45%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3519            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.927928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.912305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.763556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.90%      0.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.45%      1.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            218     98.20%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                 3554192300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            5856409100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                434636800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   26167.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              43117.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                      63.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       2.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                   63.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    2.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    30.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                 118810                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  4437                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                  3893289.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65573382600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT    1681747200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          6419347.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          6751987.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          6246374.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          7210425.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::4          6575385.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::5          6283267.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::6          6820934.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::7               6785856                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               4330512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               4554912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               4213824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               4864176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::4               4435776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::5               4238712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::6               4601424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::7               4577760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         33619622.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         35975347.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         32329689.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3             38418432                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::4         34480243.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::5             32475456                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::6         35908953.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::7         35908454.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        5657195.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        5530705.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        5633556.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        5703229.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::4        5464350.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::5        5477621.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::6        5534853.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::7        5331640.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      1678003464.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      1689505827.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      1686048235.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      1698686311.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::4      1698744862.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::5      1699621093.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::6      1702123876.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::7      1701352051.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       75126165504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       75116075712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       75119108688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       75108022656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::4       75107971296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::5       75107202672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::6       75105007248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::7       75105684288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        82294244440.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        82298443286.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        82293629161.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        82302954024.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::4        82297720707.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::5        82295347616.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::6        82300046084.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::7        82299688844.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          64.461844                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          64.465133                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          64.461362                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          64.468666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::4          64.464567                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::5          64.462708                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::6          64.466388                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::7          64.466109                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1046016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1025024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1030144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1025536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          4186880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        12032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        57344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       151040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        151040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total             16355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       238325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     15215586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       260668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     14910231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        14895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       126610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     14984708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        14895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       175020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     14917679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        33515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total            60903304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       238325                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       260668                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       126610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       175020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        33515                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         834139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       2197062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            2197062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       2197062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       238325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     15215586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       260668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     14910231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        14895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       126610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     14984708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        14895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       175020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     14917679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        33515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total           63100366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                     16355                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      590                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                  130840                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   4720                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              4182112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                  4768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                151296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               4186880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             151040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                  149                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          125                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            7360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            8160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2            8640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            8000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4            8057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5            8696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            8080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            7920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::8            8696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::9            8969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::10           8440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::11           7176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::12           7992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::13           8465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::14           7624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::15           8416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::8             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::9             279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::10            456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::11            208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::12            281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::13            256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::14            200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::15            368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                 68750083000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5              130840                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               4720                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                 16142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                 16149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                 16164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                 16176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                 16187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                 16201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                 16207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                 16218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                   183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                   173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                  158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                  146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                  135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                  121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                  119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                  108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples        17157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.573760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.744480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.614536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          207      1.21%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.06%      1.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           13      0.08%      1.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           13      0.08%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           10      0.06%      1.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          204      1.19%      2.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16700     97.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total        17157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean   668.545455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   358.777518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   607.700071                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           23     11.62%     11.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           34     17.17%     28.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      2.53%     31.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      3.03%     34.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      3.54%     37.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.53%     40.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            3      1.52%     41.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           12      6.06%     47.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      4.04%     52.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            7      3.54%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.54%     59.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.03%     62.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.54%     65.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            8      4.04%     69.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      2.53%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.53%     74.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.02%     76.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            7      3.54%     80.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.51%     80.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      2.02%     82.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.52%     84.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      3.03%     87.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      1.01%     88.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.52%     89.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.52%     91.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.52%     92.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.51%     93.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.01%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.01%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.51%     95.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.51%     96.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.51%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      1.01%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.51%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.51%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.878788                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.844706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.190254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.01%      1.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.51%      1.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.51%      2.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.51%      2.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.51%      3.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            191     96.46%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                 3416602550                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            5631815000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                418211200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   26142.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              43092.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                      60.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       2.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                   60.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    2.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                 114317                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  3945                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                  4057248.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65666225900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT    1588903900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          6279638.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          6605020.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2               6592320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          6354028.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::4          6467126.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::5          6202828.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::6          6378825.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::7               6559056                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0               4236264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               4455768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2               4447200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3               4286448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::4               4362744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::5               4184448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::6               4303176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::7               4424760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         33112934.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         34798732.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         34665945.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         33428428.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::4         34133299.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::5             32268288                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::6         33443404.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::7         34133299.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        5361500.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        5613649.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        5514117.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        5328737.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::4        5305098.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::5        5292241.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::6        5205980.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::7        5480939.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      1682164483.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      1688463028.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      1691536596.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      1686201834.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::4      1690408762.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::5      1691633505.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::6      1696702821.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::7      1706621806.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       75122515488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       75116990448                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       75114294336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3       75118973952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::4       75115283664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::5       75114209328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::6       75109762560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::7       75101061696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        82293719102.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        82296975442.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        82297099309.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        82294622223.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::4        82296009488.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::5        82293839434.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::6        82295845561.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::7        82298330351.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          64.461432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          64.463983                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          64.464080                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          64.462140                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::4          64.463227                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::5          64.461527                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::6          64.463098                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::7          64.465045                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1105664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1087232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1087744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1047808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          4384000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         9472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        24576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        54528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       153600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        153600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           96                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total             17125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          600                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              600                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       137782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     16083239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       357488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15815123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        63305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     15822570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       201087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     15241652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        33515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        14895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total            63770657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       137782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       357488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        63305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       201087                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        33515                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         793177                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       2234300                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            2234300                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       2234300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       137782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     16083239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       357488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15815123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        63305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     15822570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       201087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     15241652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        33515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        14895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total           66004957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                     17125                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      600                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                  137000                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   4800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              4378048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                  5952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                153856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               4384000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             153600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                  186                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            8968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            7808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2            9120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3            8816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4            9176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            8176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6            8578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            8336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::8            9449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::9            8681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::10           7184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::11           8360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::12           6305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::13           9417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::14           9200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::15           9240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::8             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::9             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::10            288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::11            273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::12            304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::13            312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::14            232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::15            384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                 68751164000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5              137000                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               4800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                 16919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                 16930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                 16946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                 16959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                 16964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                 16982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                 16991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                 16998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                   188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                   171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                  155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                  142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                  137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                  119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                  110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                  103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples        17947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.515964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.659860                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.786345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          214      1.19%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           20      0.11%      1.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.05%      1.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      1.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.05%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           21      0.12%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          206      1.15%      2.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17464     97.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total        17947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean   677.297030                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   358.820889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   657.849059                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           55     27.23%     27.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      5.45%     32.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           16      7.92%     40.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           20      9.90%     50.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           12      5.94%     56.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      4.95%     61.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           17      8.42%     69.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            9      4.46%     74.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           13      6.44%     80.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            6      2.97%     83.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            8      3.96%     87.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            8      3.96%     91.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            4      1.98%     93.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            3      1.49%     95.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.50%     95.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            3      1.49%     97.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.99%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.99%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::4736-4863            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.801980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.770588                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.101964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.99%      0.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.50%      1.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.50%      1.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.50%      2.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.50%      2.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.50%      3.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.50%      3.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            194     96.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                 3584995000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            5903992300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                437804800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   26203.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              43153.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                      63.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       2.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                   63.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    2.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                 119665                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  4010                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                  3878768.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65599704650                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT    1655425150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          6699974.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          6688483.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          6629817.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          6603206.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::4          6741100.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::5          5954860.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::6          6373987.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::7          6790694.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               4519824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1               4512072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2               4472496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               4454544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::4               4547568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::5               4017168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::6               4299912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::7               4581024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         35679321.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1             35378304                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         35288947.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         34769779.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::4         35419238.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::5         31114137.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::6         33439910.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::7         35960371.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        5480939.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        5543976.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        5348229.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        5500846.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::4        5567201.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::5        5079905.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::6        5195612.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::7        5291827.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      1686097592.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      1689896638.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      1688563002.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      1693334312.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::4      1697170786.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::5      1683768435.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::6      1695681910.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::7      1699307219.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       75119065392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       75115732896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       75116902752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       75112717392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::4       75109352064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::5       75121108512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::6       75110658096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::7       75107478000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        82297591838.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        82297801164.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        82297254038.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        82297428874.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::4        82298846753.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::5        82291091813.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::6        82295698222.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::7        82299457930.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          64.464466                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          64.464630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          64.464201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          64.464338                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::4          64.465449                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::5          64.459375                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::6          64.462983                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::7          64.465928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1053696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1051904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1051904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1008384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          4207104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        11264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        10496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        38144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       158720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        158720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         3939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total             16434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        18619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       145230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     15327301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       163849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15301234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        48410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     15301234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         7448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       152677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     14668182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         3724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        44686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total            61197487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       145230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       163849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        48410                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       152677                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        44686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         554851                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       2308777                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            2308777                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       2308777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        18619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       145230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     15327301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       163849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15301234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        48410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     15301234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         7448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       152677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     14668182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         3724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        44686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total           63506264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                     16434                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      620                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                  131472                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   4960                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              4201216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                  5888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                159232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               4207104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             158720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                  184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            9155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            7376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2            8769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3           10392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4            7224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            7458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            9649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            6848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::8            8280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::9            8112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::10           8112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::11           7280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::12           7872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::13           7400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::14           8657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::15           8704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::8             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::9             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::10            416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::11            208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::12            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::13            304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::14            216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::15            288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                 68706227000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5              131472                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               4960                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                 16261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                 16266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                 16272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                 16283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                 16291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                 16302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                 16310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                 16317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                   143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                   132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                  126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                  115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                  108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                   97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples        17280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.340741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.272696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.448803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          220      1.27%      1.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.09%      1.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.06%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.06%      1.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           15      0.09%      1.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          212      1.23%      2.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16792     97.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total        17280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean   630.384615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   329.838920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   582.434178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           40     19.23%     19.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           19      9.13%     28.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      4.81%     33.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      3.85%     37.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      3.85%     40.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      1.44%     42.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      2.40%     44.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      3.85%     48.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.37%     51.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            5      2.40%     54.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           11      5.29%     59.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      2.40%     62.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      3.85%     65.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           11      5.29%     71.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.37%     74.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023           10      4.81%     79.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      1.92%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.44%     82.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.40%     85.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.48%     85.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            6      2.88%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      1.92%     90.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      0.96%     91.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.96%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.44%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.96%     94.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.48%     95.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.96%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.96%     97.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.48%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.48%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.48%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            2      0.96%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.923077                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.914556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.592910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.48%      0.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.48%      0.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.48%      1.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.48%      1.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            204     98.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                 3431863100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            5657194700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                420121600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   26139.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              43089.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                      61.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       2.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                   61.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    2.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                 114831                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  4153                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                  4028745.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65604833300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT    1646915000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0               6465312                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          7301145.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2               5957280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3               6607440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::4          6267542.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::5          6394550.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::6          6170774.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::7          6660057.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0               4361520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1               4925376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               4018800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               4457400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::4               4228104                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::5               4313784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::6          4162824.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::7               4492896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         34521676.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         38873702.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         30742233.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         34870617.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::4         33092467.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::5         32971660.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::6         31975756.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::7         35140684.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        5255331.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        5965747.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        5401313.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        5457715.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::4        5185658.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::5        5530705.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::6        5291827.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::7        5265285.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      1678262509.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      1697093959.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      1685056599.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      1691020203.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::4      1685834170.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::5      1702992720.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::6      1696309657.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::7      1701887978.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       75125938272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       75109419456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       75119978544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       75114747312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::4       75119296464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::5       75104245104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::6       75110107440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::7       75105214176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        82294853416.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        82303628181.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        82291203564.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        82297209482.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::4        82293953201.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::5        82296497320.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::6        82294067074.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::7        82298709872.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          64.462321                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          64.469194                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          64.459462                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          64.464167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::4          64.461616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::5          64.463609                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::6          64.461705                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::7          64.465342                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1034240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1040384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        11520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1046784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       994048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          4178688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        19456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        62976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       178688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        178688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           57                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         3883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total             16323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          698                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              698                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       212259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     15044289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       283011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15133661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       167573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     15226757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       223430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     14459647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        29791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total            60784142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       212259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       283011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       167573                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       223430                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        29791                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         916063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       2599236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            2599236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       2599236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       212259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     15044289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       283011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15133661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       167573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     15226757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       223430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     14459647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        29791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           63383378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                     16323                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      698                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                  130584                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   5584                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              4171584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                  7104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                178432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               4178688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             178688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                  222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        18669                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            8520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            8576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2            7786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3            8201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4            8721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            7296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6            8368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            8672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::8            7592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::9            9146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::10           7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::11           7737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::12           6777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::13           9168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::14           8736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::15           7898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::8             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::9             616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::10            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::11            384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::12            304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::13            448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::14            383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::15            208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                 68753852000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5              130584                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               5584                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                 16139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                 16138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                 16148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                 16152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                 16162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                 16170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                 16176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                 16189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                   148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                   140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                  130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                  127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                  117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                  109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                  103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                   90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples        17259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.043340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.595780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    27.576133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          244      1.41%      1.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.07%      1.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.06%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.06%      1.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.08%      1.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          230      1.33%      3.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16735     96.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total        17259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean   559.974249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   327.150326                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   491.592038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           29     12.45%     12.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           30     12.88%     25.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      5.58%     30.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           11      4.72%     35.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      3.00%     38.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           13      5.58%     44.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           15      6.44%     50.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           11      4.72%     55.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           12      5.15%     60.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      3.43%     63.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      2.58%     66.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      2.58%     69.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      3.86%     72.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.00%     75.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.00%     78.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.00%     81.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.15%     84.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.15%     86.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.15%     88.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      3.00%     91.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.29%     92.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.29%     93.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.43%     94.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.86%     95.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.29%     96.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.86%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.86%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.43%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      0.86%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.43%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.931330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.916616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.739587                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.86%      0.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            231     99.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                 3417547500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            5627183400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                417158400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   26215.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              43165.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                      60.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       2.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                   60.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    2.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                 114022                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  4657                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                  4039354.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65590978200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT    1664151600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          6696345.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          6745939.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          6298387.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          6666710.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::4          6433862.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::5          5874422.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::6          6714489.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::7          6476198.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               4517376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               4550832                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               4248912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               4497384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::4               4340304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::5          3962904.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::6               4529616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::7               4368864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         35546534.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         35475148.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2             32917248                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         35064806.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::4         33847756.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::5         30233049.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::6         35000409.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::7         33772377.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0             5660928                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        5746360.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        5461032.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        5574251.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::4        5334958.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::5        5195612.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::6        5603696.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::7        5311733.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      1683492482.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      1692480735.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      1684313173.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      1693704712.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::4      1692837947.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::5      1688838517.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::6      1707149252.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::7      1702914635.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       75121350576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       75113466144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       75120630672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       75112392480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::4       75113152800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::5       75116661072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::6       75100599024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::7       75104313600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        82297313037.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        82298513953.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        82293918219.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        82297949138.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::4        82295996423.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::5        82290814371.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::6        82299645282.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::7        82297206203.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          64.464248                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          64.465188                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          64.461588                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          64.464746                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::4          64.463216                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::5          64.459157                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::6          64.466075                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::7          64.464164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1096448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1150464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1101056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1089024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          4492544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        54784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       146432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        146432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total             17549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          572                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              572                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       223430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     15949181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       275564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     16734910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       134058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     16016210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       137782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     15841190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        26067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        11172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total            65349562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       223430                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       275564                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       134058                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       137782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        26067                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         796900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       2130033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            2130033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       2130033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       223430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     15949181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       275564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     16734910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       134058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     16016210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       137782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     15841190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        26067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        11172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total           67479595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                     17549                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      572                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                  140392                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   4576                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              4485984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                  6560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                146432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               4492544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             146432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                  205                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            9088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            7897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2            8320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3            8369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4            8392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5            9080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6           10008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7            8096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::8            8368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::9            7202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::10           8593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::11           8992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::12           8378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::13          10649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::14           9712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::15           9043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::8             313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::9             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::10            240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::11            216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::12            303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::13            312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::14            232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::15            384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                 68749564000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5              140392                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               4576                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                 17345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                 17340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                 17350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                 17364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                 17373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                 17386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                 17402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                 17411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                   187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                   181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                  171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                  157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                  148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                  135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                  119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                  110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples        18321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.847334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   249.284578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    24.679940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          204      1.11%      1.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           16      0.09%      1.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.04%      1.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.05%      1.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.08%      1.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          191      1.04%      2.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17880     97.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total        18321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean   731.598958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   379.384686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   663.581983                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           30     15.62%     15.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           27     14.06%     29.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            4      2.08%     31.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      3.12%     34.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      1.56%     36.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      3.12%     39.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.65%     43.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      2.08%     45.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            4      2.08%     47.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            6      3.12%     50.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.52%     51.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      4.69%     55.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.65%     59.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.52%     59.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.65%     63.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023           12      6.25%     69.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            8      4.17%     73.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      1.04%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.60%     77.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.56%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            9      4.69%     83.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.04%     84.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            6      3.12%     88.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.08%     90.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.52%     90.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.04%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            4      2.08%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.52%     94.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.52%     94.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.52%     95.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      1.04%     96.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.52%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.52%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.52%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.52%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.52%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2880-2943            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.833333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.812995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.905673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.52%      0.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.52%      1.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::20              4      2.08%      3.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.52%      3.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            185     96.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                 3655033750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            6031203400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                448598400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   26072.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              43022.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                      65.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       2.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                   65.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    2.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                 122625                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  3817                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                  3793916.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65583999700                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT    1671130100                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          6636470.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1               6619536                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          6565708.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          6750777.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::4          6322579.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::5          6414508.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::6               7015680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::7          7342876.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               4476984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1               4465560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               4429248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               4554096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::4               4265232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::5               4327248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::6               4732800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::7               4953528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         35189606.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         35401766.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         34825190.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         35354342.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::4         33115430.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::5         33788851.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::6         37388083.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::7         38838259.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        5643509.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        5384724.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        5265285.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        5693276.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::4        5351961.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::5        5192294.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::6        5411266.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::7             5723136                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      1680358832.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      1680156696.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      1691880238.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      1699279640.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::4      1689477373.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::5      1694027067.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::6      1702651705.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::7      1712689214.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       75124099392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       75124276704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2       75113992896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3       75107502192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::4       75116100672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::5       75112109712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::6       75104544240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::7       75095739408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        82296453589.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        82296353782.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        82297007360.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        82299183119.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::4        82294682042.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::5        82295908476.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::6        82301792569.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::7        82305335216.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          64.463574                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          64.463496                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          64.464008                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          64.465712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::4          64.462187                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::5          64.463147                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::6          64.467757                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::7          64.470531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        11520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1055232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1065472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1071104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1019136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          4261376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        13312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        49920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       162816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        162816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         3981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total             16646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          636                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              636                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       167573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     15349644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       215982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15498597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       126610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     15580521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       193639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     14824583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        22343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total            61986940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       167573                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       215982                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       126610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       193639                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        22343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         726148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       2368358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            2368358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       2368358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       167573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     15349644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       215982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15498597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       126610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     15580521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       193639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     14824583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        22343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           64355298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                     16646                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      636                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                  133168                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   5088                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              4253696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                  7680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                163328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               4261376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             162816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                  240                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        11470                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            7201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            8480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2            8433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            7481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4            7705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5            8496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6            9360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7            9040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::8            9320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::9            7416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::10           6360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::11           7801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::12           8545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::13           8416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::14           9361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::15           9513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::8             335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::9             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::10            256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::11            336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::12            312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::13            376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::14            296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::15            296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                 68761573000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5              133168                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               5088                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                 16466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                 16466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                 16472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                 16476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                 16490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                 16499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                 16511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                 16514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                   148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                  142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                  138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                  124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                  115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                  103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                  100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples        17505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.329277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.248411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.495117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          224      1.28%      1.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           13      0.07%      1.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           14      0.08%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.02%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           14      0.08%      1.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           12      0.07%      1.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          214      1.22%      2.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17011     97.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total        17505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean   621.345794                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   344.580478                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   570.180914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           26     12.15%     12.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           31     14.49%     26.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      6.07%     32.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      2.34%     35.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.34%     37.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      2.80%     40.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            8      3.74%     43.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      4.21%     48.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           12      5.61%     53.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           12      5.61%     59.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.27%     62.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      3.74%     66.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           13      6.07%     72.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      2.80%     75.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      2.80%     78.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      1.40%     79.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      1.87%     81.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            7      3.27%     84.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.40%     85.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.87%     87.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      1.87%     89.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      1.87%     91.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.40%     92.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.93%     93.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.47%     94.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.93%     95.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.47%     95.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.47%     96.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      0.93%     97.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      0.93%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.47%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.47%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3263            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.850467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.826488                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.962233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.93%      0.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.47%      1.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.47%      1.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.47%      2.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.47%      2.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            208     97.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                 3477673400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            5730803000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                425369600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   26162.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              43112.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                      61.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       2.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                   61.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    2.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    31.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                 116263                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  4264                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                  3978797.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65612571900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT    1642907400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          6366124.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          6378220.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          6481036.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3               6743520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::4               6432048                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::5          5926435.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::6          6631027.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::7               6837264                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0               4294608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               4302768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               4372128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3               4549200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::4               4339080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::5               3997992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::6               4473312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::7               4612440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         33479347.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         33769382.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         33899174.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         35858035.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::4         33923635.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::5         30457190.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::6         34995417.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::7         36143577.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        5497528.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        5325004.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        5534023.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        5395092.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::4        5255331.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::5        5255331.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::6        5344911.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::7        5431173.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      1680645620.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      1682059147.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      1692669464.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      1693788652.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::4      1690561212.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::5      1693818967.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::6      1695996221.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::7      1701362776.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       75123847824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       75122607888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       75113300592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       75112318848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::4       75115149936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::5       75112292256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::6       75110382384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::7       75105674880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        82294179846.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        82294491205.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        82296305213.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        82298702142.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::4        82295710037.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::5        82291796967.359985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::6        82297872068.159988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::7        82300110905.280014                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          64.461793                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          64.462037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          64.463458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          64.465336                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::4          64.462992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::5          64.459927                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::6          64.464686                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::7          64.466439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           15                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total           15                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1033472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        17408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1041152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1032192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1001984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          4157440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        12544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        48384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       160256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        160256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         3914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total             16240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          626                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              626                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       175020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     15033118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       253221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15144833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        78201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     15014499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       182468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     14575086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        14895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total            60475063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       175020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       253221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        78201                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       182468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        14895                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         703805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       2331120                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            2331120                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       2331120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       175020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     15033118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       253221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15144833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        78201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     15014499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       182468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     14575086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        14895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           62806184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                     16240                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      626                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                  129920                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   5008                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              4149504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                  7936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                160768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               4157440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             160256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                  248                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        30611                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            6720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            7112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2            7289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3            7578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4            7448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5            7697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            8368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7            9601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::8            7688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::9            8665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::10           9488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::11           8704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::12           6568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::13           9914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::14           7264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::15           9568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::8             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::9             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::10            184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::11            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::12            208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::13            408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::14            361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::15            240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                 68749710000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5              129920                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               5008                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                 16051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                 16048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                 16053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                 16061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                 16068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                 16073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                 16080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                 16090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                   145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                  140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                  132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                  125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                  120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                  113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                  103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples        17081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.343071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.276358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.445213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          217      1.27%      1.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           16      0.09%      1.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.06%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.06%      1.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           16      0.09%      1.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          209      1.22%      2.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16599     97.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total        17081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean   616.876190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   339.143890                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   561.493185                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           27     12.86%     12.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           32     15.24%     28.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      5.71%     33.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      2.86%     36.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      3.81%     40.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           10      4.76%     45.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.33%     48.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            5      2.38%     50.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      4.29%     55.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      3.81%     59.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            2      0.95%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      4.29%     64.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      4.29%     68.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.33%     71.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      2.38%     74.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      2.86%     77.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.95%     78.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            8      3.81%     81.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.38%     84.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      0.95%     85.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            6      2.86%     88.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.48%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            8      3.81%     92.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.48%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      1.90%     94.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.95%     95.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.48%     96.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.48%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      0.95%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.48%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.48%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.48%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.923810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.915653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.581949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.48%      0.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.95%      1.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.48%      1.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            206     98.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                 3400156100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            5598096500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                414950400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   26221.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              43171.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                      60.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       2.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                   60.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    2.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    30.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                 113422                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  4193                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                  4076230.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65680144450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT    1574985350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0               5754672                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1               6087312                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          6331046.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          7013865.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::4          6278428.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::5               6465312                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::6          6557241.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::7               6507648                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0               3882120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               4106520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2               4270944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               4731576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::4               4235448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::5               4361520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::6               4423536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::7               4390080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         29786265.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         31593868.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         32987635.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         36941299.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::4         32852851.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::5         34125811.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::6         34386393.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::7             34220160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0             5318784                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        5447761.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        5563883.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        5872435.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::4        5232107.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::5        5202247.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::6        5454397.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::7        5192709.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      1678460705.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      1683836069.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      1688436708.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      1698126416.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::4      1692753678.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::5      1698512685.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::6        1694871288                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::7      1700923210.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       75125764416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       75121049184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       75117013536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       75108513792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::4       75113226720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::5       75108174960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::6       75111369168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::7       75106060464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        82289015757.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        82292169510.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        82294652547.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        82301248178.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::4        82294628028.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::5        82296891330.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::6        82297110818.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::7        82297343065.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          64.457748                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          64.460219                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          64.462164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          64.467330                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::4          64.462144                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::5          64.463917                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::6          64.464089                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::7          64.464271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1095168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1176832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1123328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1064448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          4504064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        11776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        38656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       204032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        204032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total             17594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        29791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       122887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     15930562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        14895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       171296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     17118465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         7448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       107991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     16340183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        14895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       145230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     15483702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         3724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        14895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        11172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total            65517135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       122887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       171296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       107991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       145230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        14895                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         562299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       2967896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            2967896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       2967896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        29791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       122887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     15930562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        14895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       171296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     17118465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         7448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       107991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     16340183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        14895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       145230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     15483702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         3724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        14895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        11172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total           68485030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                     17594                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      797                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                  140752                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   6376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              4491392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                 12672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                203776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               4504064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             204032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                  396                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         7741                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0            8736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1            6952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2            9296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3            7792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4            8121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5            9808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            6680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7            9912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::8            8624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::9            8808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::10           7200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::11           9396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::12          10660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::13          10073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::14          10442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::15           7856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::8             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::9             385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::10            256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::11            528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::12            520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::13            312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::14            416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::15            392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                 68738676000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5              140752                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               6376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                 17344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                 17343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                 17354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                 17361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                 17368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                 17379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                 17388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                 17397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                   196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                   185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                  174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                  167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                  160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                  149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                  140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                  131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples        18653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.711146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.988190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.569193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          275      1.47%      1.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           22      0.12%      1.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           15      0.08%      1.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.03%      1.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           15      0.08%      1.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           21      0.11%      1.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          261      1.40%      3.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18039     96.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total        18653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean   524.135338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   292.051437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   461.558734                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           44     16.54%     16.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           36     13.53%     30.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      3.01%     33.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           12      4.51%     37.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            9      3.38%     40.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            9      3.38%     44.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           12      4.51%     48.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           15      5.64%     54.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           17      6.39%     60.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      3.76%     64.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      2.26%     66.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           11      4.14%     71.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           14      5.26%     76.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           10      3.76%     80.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      2.26%     82.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023           11      4.14%     86.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            8      3.01%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      1.88%     91.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      1.50%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.13%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      0.75%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      1.88%     96.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.75%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.75%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.38%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      0.75%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.38%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.939850                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.909209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.154217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.13%      1.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.38%      1.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.38%      1.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            259     97.37%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      0.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                 3673553000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            6052587200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                449139200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   26173.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              43123.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                      65.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       2.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                   65.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    2.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                 122758                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  5313                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                  3737625.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65435473300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT    1819656500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          6511276.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1               6761664                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          7017494.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          6907420.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::4               6501600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::5          6684854.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::6          7395494.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::7          7108819.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0               4392528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               4561440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               4734024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               4659768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::4               4386000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::5               4509624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::6               4989024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::7               4795632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         34279065.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         36078182.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2             36940800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         35543539.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::4         33941107.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::5         34945497.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::6         39477734.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::7         37214361.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        5580472.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        5494210.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        5832622.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        6237388.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::4        5584204.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::5        5636874.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::6        5703229.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::7        5762949.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      1687160145.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      1684631151.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      1700552865.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      1705175665.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::4      1692191266.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::5        1697811120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::6      1701749810.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::7      1712591156.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0       75118133328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       75120351744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       75106385328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3       75102330240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::4       75113720064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::5       75108790368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::6       75105335376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::7       75095825424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        82296105610.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        82297927186.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        82301511928.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        82300902816.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::4        82296373036.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::5        82298427132.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::6        82304699463.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::7        82303347136.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          64.463302                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          64.464729                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          64.467537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          64.467060                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::4          64.463511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::5          64.465120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::6          64.470033                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::7          64.468974                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1113856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        22784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1074688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1074176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1038592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          4370176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        22784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        13312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        53504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       160512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        160512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total             17071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        48410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       160125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     16202402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        85648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       331421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15632655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        29791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        67029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     15625207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        59581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       193639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     15107594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        26067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total            63569569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       160125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       331421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        67029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       193639                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        26067                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         778281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       2334844                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            2334844                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       2334844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        48410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       160125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     16202402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        85648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       331421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15632655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        29791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        67029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     15625207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        59581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       193639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     15107594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        26067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           65904413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                     17071                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      627                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                  136568                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   5016                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              4363008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                  7168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                160000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               4370176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             160512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                  224                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        46702                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            8336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            8536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2            6696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            7152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4            7864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5            8753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6           10121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            7970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::8            9697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::9            9169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::10           9744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::11           9265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::12           7608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::13          10336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::14           7024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::15           8073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::8             168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::9             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::10            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::11            352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::12            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::13            464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::14            320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::15            320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                 68727057000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5              136568                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               5016                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                 16869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                 16870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                 16881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                 16890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                 16896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                 16911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                 16918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                 16928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                   179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                   170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                  159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                  150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                  144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                  129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                  122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                  112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples        17920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.400000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.389337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.247038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          226      1.26%      1.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.07%      1.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           13      0.07%      1.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           13      0.07%      1.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.08%      1.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          214      1.19%      2.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17424     97.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total        17920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          209                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean   648.650718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   354.104198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   601.838463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           32     15.31%     15.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           21     10.05%     25.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6      2.87%     28.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           14      6.70%     34.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      2.87%     37.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      2.87%     40.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           12      5.74%     46.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           11      5.26%     51.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.35%     55.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            7      3.35%     58.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            8      3.83%     62.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      3.83%     66.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      1.91%     67.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.39%     70.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      3.83%     74.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.35%     77.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.35%     80.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      0.96%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      0.96%     82.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.44%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      1.91%     86.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      1.91%     88.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      0.96%     89.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.44%     90.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.96%     91.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.96%     92.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.96%     93.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.48%     93.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      0.96%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            4      1.91%     96.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.48%     97.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.48%     97.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.48%     98.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.48%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            2      0.96%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          209                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.923445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.914964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.591507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.48%      0.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.48%      0.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.48%      1.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.48%      1.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            205     98.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                 3565262100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            5876292900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                436300800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   26149.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              43099.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                      63.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       2.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                   63.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    2.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    30.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                 119254                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  4170                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                  3883323.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65593706900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT    1661422900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          6831820.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1               5766768                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          6653404.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3               6731424                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::4          6925564.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::5          6799161.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::6          6834844.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::7          5968166.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               4608768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               3890280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               4488408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               4541040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::4               4672008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::5               4586736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::6               4610808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::7          4026144.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0             35997312                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         30126220.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         34826188.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         35686310.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::4         36991718.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::5         36278361.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::6         36320294.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::7         30774182.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        5885706.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        5062901.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        5666734.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        5434490.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::4        5282288.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::5        5378088.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::6        5318369.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::7        5152481.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      1688222917.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      1676339867.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      1693558445.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      1692725771.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::4      1703713219.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::5      1688872006.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::6      1701447701.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::7      1692961888.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       75117201072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       75127624800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       75112520784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3       75113251200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::4       75103613088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::5       75116631696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::6       75105600384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::7       75113044080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        82298796390.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        82288859632.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        82297762759.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        82298419031.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::4        82301246681.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::5        82298594844.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::6        82300181196.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::7        82291975736.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          64.465410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          64.457626                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          64.464600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          64.465114                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::4          64.467329                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::5          64.465252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::6          64.466494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::7          64.460067                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1070336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1105664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1094912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1077760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          4407296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        58112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       148224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        148224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total             17216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       182468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     15569350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       361212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     16083239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       122887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     15926838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       145230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     15677341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        33515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total            64109525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       182468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       361212                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       122887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       145230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        33515                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         845310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       2156100                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            2156100                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       2156100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       182468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     15569350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       361212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     16083239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       122887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     15926838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       145230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     15677341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        33515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total           66265625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                     17216                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      579                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                  137728                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   4632                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              4400800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                  6496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                148224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               4407296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             148224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                  203                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            8392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1           10913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2            8376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            8081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4            8528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5            7169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6            8320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            9528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::8            9057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::9            8528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::10           9128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::11           7760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::12           7328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::13           7928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::14          11184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::15           7305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::8             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::9             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::10            336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::11            256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::12            257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::13            328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::14            216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::15            320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                 68782335000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5              137728                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               4632                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                 16983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                 16989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                 17001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                 17010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                 17018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                 17032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                 17045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                 17054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                   197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                   186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                  174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                  165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                  157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                  144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                  131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                  122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples        17994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.807825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   249.203608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    24.803320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          204      1.13%      1.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           13      0.07%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.04%      1.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.04%      1.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.08%      1.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          197      1.09%      2.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17550     97.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total        17994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean   712.067358                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   394.751882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   679.506700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           15      7.77%      7.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           36     18.65%     26.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      4.66%     31.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.63%     34.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.07%     36.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.63%     40.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            8      4.15%     44.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            7      3.63%     48.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      3.11%     51.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      1.55%     52.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.63%     56.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      4.66%     61.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      2.07%     63.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.59%     65.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      4.15%     69.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      2.07%     72.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            8      4.15%     76.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            7      3.63%     79.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      1.04%     80.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.59%     83.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      2.07%     85.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.55%     87.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.52%     87.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      2.59%     90.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.52%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.55%     92.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.04%     93.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.04%     94.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            4      2.07%     96.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.52%     96.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.52%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.52%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.52%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3263            1      0.52%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::3392-3455            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3519            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.985142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.822851                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.52%      0.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.52%      1.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            189     97.93%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.52%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                 3611099750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            5942148500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                440080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   26257.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              43207.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                      64.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       2.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                   64.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    2.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                 120297                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  3866                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                  3865261.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65592073050                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT    1663229250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          7128172.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          6634051.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          6280243.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3               6937056                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::4          6698764.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::5          6591110.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::6          6172588.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::7          6660057.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               4808688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1               4475352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               4236672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               4679760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::4               4519008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::5               4446384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::6               4164048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::7               4492896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         38295129.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         34927526.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2             32832384                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         37296729.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::4             35568000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::5         34643980.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::6         32030668.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::7         35291443.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        5633556.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        5663416.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        5424537.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        5248696.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::4        5258649.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::5        5325419.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::6             5318784                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::7        5268602.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      1690278036.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      1683001097.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      1686737761.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3        1695191400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::4      1698016921.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::5      1694911780.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::6      1694320968.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::7      1697081866.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       75115398336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       75121781616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       75118503840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       75111088368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::4       75108609840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::5       75111333648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::6       75111851904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::7       75109430064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        82301590713.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        82296531853.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        82294064232.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        82300490804.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::4        82298719978.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::5        82297301117.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::6        82293907756.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::7        82298273724.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          64.467598                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          64.463636                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          64.461703                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          64.466737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::4          64.465350                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::5          64.464238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::6          64.461580                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::7          64.465000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1080576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        17408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1114368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1140992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1035776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          4425984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        10496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        14848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       150784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        150784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total             17289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       148953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     15718303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       253221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     16209849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       152677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     16597128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       215982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     15066632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        18619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total            64381365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       148953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       253221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       152677                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       215982                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        18619                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         789453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       2193338                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            2193338                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       2193338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       148953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     15718303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       253221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     16209849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       152677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     16597128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       215982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     15066632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        18619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total           66574703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                     17289                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      589                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                  138312                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   4712                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              4417888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                  8096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                150784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               4425984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             150784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                  253                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            7985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            7065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            7800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3           10104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4            9458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5            7728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            8649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7            7633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::8            8472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::9            8680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::10          12017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::11           8635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::12           9008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::13           8728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::14           8985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::15           7112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::8             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::9             376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::10            208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::11            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::12            256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::13            296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::14            304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::15            359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                 68758694000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5              138312                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               4712                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                 17097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                 17099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                 17111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                 17115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                 17125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                 17143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                 17151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                 17157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                   170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                   157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                  145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                  141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                  131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                  113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                  105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                   99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples        18091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.538389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.609635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.874592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          224      1.24%      1.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           17      0.09%      1.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127            5      0.03%      1.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191            5      0.03%      1.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           17      0.09%      1.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          213      1.18%      2.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17610     97.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total        18091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean   701.456853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   378.386828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   675.760195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           26     13.20%     13.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           26     13.20%     26.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      4.06%     30.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      1.52%     31.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      3.05%     35.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      3.05%     38.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.55%     41.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            7      3.55%     45.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.55%     48.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           14      7.11%     55.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           11      5.58%     61.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            2      1.02%     62.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      2.03%     64.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.54%     67.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           10      5.08%     72.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      2.03%     74.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.03%     76.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      3.05%     79.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      3.05%     82.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      2.03%     84.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.51%     84.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      2.54%     87.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.52%     88.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.02%     89.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.02%     90.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            5      2.54%     93.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.51%     93.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.02%     94.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.51%     95.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.02%     96.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.51%     96.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.51%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.51%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.51%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3392-3455            1      0.51%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3520-3583            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3903            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.918782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.905143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.723866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.51%      0.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.51%      1.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.51%      1.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            194     98.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                 3591373850                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            5931473900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                441788800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   26013.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              42963.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                      64.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       2.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                   64.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    2.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    30.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                 120754                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  3926                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                  3845994.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65577816000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF    1494205200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT    1677313800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          6137510.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          7050758.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          6563894.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          6326812.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::4               6516720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::5          7150550.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::6          6685459.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::7               6413904                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0          4140384.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1               4756464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               4428024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               4268088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::4               4396200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::5               4823784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::6               4510032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::7               4326840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         32171942.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1             37265280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         34506201.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         33191308.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::4         33834278.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::5         38520268.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::6         35160652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::7         33680025.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        5368550.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        5935472.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        5510799.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        5331640.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::4        5590425.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::5        5271920.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::6        5414584.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::7        5222154.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::4      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::5      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::6      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::7      5440048794.240001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0        1680185808                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      1692452609.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      1692217039.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      1690465069.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::4      1701449069.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::5      1702431129.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::6      1697710161.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::7      1695715945.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       75124251168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       75113490816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       75113697456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       75115234272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::4       75105599184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::5       75104737728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::6       75108878928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::7       75110628240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        82292304157.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        82301000194.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        82296972209.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        82294865985.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::4         82297434672                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::5        82302984175.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::6        82298408612.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::7         82296035904                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          64.460324                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          64.467136                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          64.463981                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          64.462331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::4          64.464343                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::5          64.468690                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::6          64.465106                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::7          64.463247                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              270546                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             270546                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 40                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                40                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             10202                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           201306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          41758                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          178665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             18532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave       992361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       992617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 992617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     72100097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     72100609                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                72100609                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    135273000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4462629500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        40000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        20000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    168333000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    100680943                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     20903447                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     89332500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      9339353                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     16203000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         1742                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        13737                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           20                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          108                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          512                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          123                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         6240                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           30                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           49                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      3900495                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    101603984                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        51489                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1788499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       154000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     48454000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        62499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       355500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          2535                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                        20027                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             5956982                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime          150414984                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                            81949                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            542255                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  542255    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              542255                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               83500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 128                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           393386000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              460307                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         4568185000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             450233                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq             270457                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp            270457                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            10202                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          160236                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         18429                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         178665                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              982                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             982                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port        12867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        22926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        21066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        14299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        14050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        17723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        23353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        31909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       227653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port        12767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        22970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        20704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        14261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        14300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        17504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        23782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        31894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       227518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port        12959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8303                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        22791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        20711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        14495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        14175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        17792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        23690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        32227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       227677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port        12874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         9046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        22632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        20762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        14133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        14343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        17663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        23503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        32143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       227564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                910412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1178624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1163520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1087744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1118720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1126144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1146368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1149184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1126656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1115392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1133568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1186304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1139456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1082880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1084160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1065984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total     18015232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1172992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1146624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1094400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1133568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1149184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1140224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1133056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1138688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1089024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1115136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1171456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1144832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1118464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1078016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1095168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1123072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total     18043905                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1176832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1153280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1071104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1157888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1150720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1100032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1141248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1126400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1051136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1101568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1160704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1154816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1106688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1095168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1087232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1157120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total     17991936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1179648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1175552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1084672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1145344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1150720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1150976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1097472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1129472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1110272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1104640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1160704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1134080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1116160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1100032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1069312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1139968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total     18049024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               72100097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    378510600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2674894350                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     95897600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    224316000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     25799000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    249975936                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1359200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      9670900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          323                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           36                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           39                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       258200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         1200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        45400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        12600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5399                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        30600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                          405                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           1                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime             348000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime              5399                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           42941200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              26132                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           29948400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded              18126                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           28610400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded              17070                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           29544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded              17800                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           29745400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded              17883                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           29621800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded              17731                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           30022000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded              17662                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           29928800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded              17666                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy           28841800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded              17065                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy           69520800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded              45982                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          64491600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded             41980                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          45174400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded             28890                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          45336000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded             28752                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          55534800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded             35690                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          71456600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded             47477                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          95164400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded             64400                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         733784445                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            112576                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         733443958                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            112441                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         733264456                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            112601                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         734049827                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            112487                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.iocache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq       270457                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp       270457                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        10202                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       160236                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        18429                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       178665                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq          982                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp          982                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       227653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       227518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       227677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       227564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total       910412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     18015232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     18043905                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     17991936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     18049024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     72100097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    216365600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1081828000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     40808000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    128188800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     14743200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    142932000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       785600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      3928000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         3386                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1660                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      8722200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2984800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        29000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                  5056                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime     11736000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    100064800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       115077                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    100493700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       115077                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy     99984000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       115076                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    100349600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       115077                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   1228688800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       450105                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2610204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2609084                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate         1120                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                40                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               40                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            59251                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          201345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         41889                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         243234                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         1091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp         1091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            43099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           43099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       565477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       768855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       593565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       762106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       589189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       774990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       547004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       730134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               5363741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1028352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     48766332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1537660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1034240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     48625276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1524160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       982784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     48935536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1549908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       837120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     46439272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1460208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       158208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        73777                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              202953077                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1307227146                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  24493453968                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        40000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        20000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   1925704394                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    101692752                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     21005873                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     89477373                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq       545999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     21862853                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     97149486                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        62401                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         4703                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           13                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         1573                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         4510                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1048                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           80                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          104                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         1157                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp          315                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    729634388                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     63990946                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        18500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     14660498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     54082971                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     11837498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1066500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq       415000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     13298987                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      5279498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        70873                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                        5098                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          823947842                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          70336944                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                          490846                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2956790                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               2956790    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2956790                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3378102017                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            2956919                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         130676542                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              4017                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        8858339368                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            12.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            331262                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         384931492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded            384440                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         131484820                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              4040                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy        9555116951                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            13.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            356641                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy         381562463                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded            381066                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy        124954883                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded             3839                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy       9326204417                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           13.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           350363                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy            23000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded               23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy        388037420                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded           387513                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy        106452467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded             3270                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy       8798097666                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           12.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           325044                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy            23000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded               23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy        365602441                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded           365082                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy            97500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                3                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy            98000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy            98000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         20088990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              618                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy         10798496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              401                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6874                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6874    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6874                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6874                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6874    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6874                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6874                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6874    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6874                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6874                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6874    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6874                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0             6874    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total         6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0            6874    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                    271607                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8185.328823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      802300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    271607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.953900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      319.187450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     1.742494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.025753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    26.354401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  2026.502563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     3.171477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    33.469845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  1933.157518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.369183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    12.654269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data  1916.044036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     2.205092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.010049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    20.669022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data  1849.912356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     3.136772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    14.500238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    22.216302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.038963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.003217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.247376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.004086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.235981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.001545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.233892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.002523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.225819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.001770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.002712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          561                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001709                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996582                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  20003696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 20003696                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       384363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         2955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       107258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       380984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         2620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       106381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       387442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst         2979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data       107717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       365007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst         2130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data       102015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1952550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            59251                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 59251                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          152                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          118                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          109                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  491                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                131                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          475                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          362                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          411                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          294                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1555                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       384363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          2955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data        107733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       380984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          2620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data        106743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       387442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst          2979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data        108128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       365007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          2130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data        102309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1954105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       384363                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         2955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       107733                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       380984                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         2620                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       106743                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       387442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst         2979                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data       108128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       365007                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           22                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst         2130                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data       102309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          499                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1954105                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        67332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        67805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        67742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        64615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                272319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        38727                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        42212                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        42921                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        35909                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             159784                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         4778                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         4592                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         4578                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         4480                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            18429                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          361                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          364                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          361                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          345                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1434                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        67693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        68169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data        68103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data        64960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 273753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           52                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1062                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        67693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           56                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        68169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          860                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data        68103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           45                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data        64960                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                273753                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    128385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8490194444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      6837500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    171879500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   8552474465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      4135000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    102507500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8544621460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      5401500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    139275500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8150315468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14931000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4145000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34321812337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     11388998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      8511000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     10138500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     11526500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     41564998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2950999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2573000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3201000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2569500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     11294499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     38857500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     39352500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     39780000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     35859500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       326000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     154175500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    128385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8529051944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      6837500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    171879500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   8591826965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      4135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    102507500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8584401460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      5401500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    139275500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8186174968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      34475987837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    128385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8529051944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      6837500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    171879500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   8591826965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      4135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    102507500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8584401460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      5401500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    139275500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8186174968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     34475987837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       384415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         4017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       174590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       381040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         4040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       174186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       387477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         3839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       175459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       365052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         3270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       166630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2224869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        59251                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             59251                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        38879                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        42330                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        43030                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        36019                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           160275                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4812                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         4621                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         4614                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         4512                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          18560                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          836                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          726                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          772                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          639                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2989                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       384415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         4017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       175426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       381040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         4040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       174912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       387477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         3839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data       176231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       365052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         3270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data       167269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2227858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       384415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         4017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       175426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       381040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         4040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       174912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       387477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         3839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data       176231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       365052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         3270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data       167269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2227858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.264376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.385658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.351485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.389268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.224017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.386084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.043478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.348624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.387775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.192557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.188571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.122398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.996090                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.997212                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.997467                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.996946                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.882353                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.996937                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.992934                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.993724                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.992198                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.992908                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.992942                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.431818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.501377                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.467617                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.539906                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.479759                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.264376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.385878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.351485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.389733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.224017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.043478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.348624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.388356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.192557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.188482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.122877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.264376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.385878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.351485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.389733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.224017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.043478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.348624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.388356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.192557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.188482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.122877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 121865.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120889.830508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 126094.493614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 122098.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 121041.901408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126133.389352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 118142.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 119194.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 126134.768091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 120033.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 122171.491228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 126136.585437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 125470.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 125606.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126035.320110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   294.084179                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   201.625130                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   236.213043                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   320.991952                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   260.132416                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   617.622227                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   560.322300                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   699.213630                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   573.549107                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   612.865538                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 107638.504155                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 108111.263736                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 110193.905817                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 103940.579710                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 108666.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107514.295676                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 121865.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120889.830508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125996.069667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 122098.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 121041.901408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126037.157139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 118142.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 119194.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 126050.268857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 120033.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 122171.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 126018.703325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 125470.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 124194.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125938.301451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 121865.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120889.830508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125996.069667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 122098.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 121041.901408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126037.157139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 118142.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 119194.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 126050.268857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 120033.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 122171.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 126018.703325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 125470.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 124194.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125938.301451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10202                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10202                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               1862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                1862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          237                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           88                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               1862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        67244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        67646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        67628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        64469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           270457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        38727                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        42212                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        42921                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        35909                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        159784                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4778                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4592                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         4578                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4480                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        18429                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          361                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          361                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1434                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        67605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        68010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        67989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        64814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            271891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        67605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        68010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        67989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        64814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           271891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      3765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     95077000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7741487444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4711500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    123558000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   7790892465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     57046500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   7787925460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      3832500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     93433500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   7424723968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31145622337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2118460039                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2309316939                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   2347886911                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1964478925                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       841500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8740984314                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    261319985                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    250975979                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    250388985                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    244871978                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1007611427                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     34886500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     35348500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     35809000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     32064500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       293000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138401500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      3765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     95077000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7776373944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4711500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    123558000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   7826240965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     57046500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   7823734460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      3832500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     93433500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   7456788468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3899000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31284023837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      3765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     95077000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7776373944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4711500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    123558000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   7826240965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1732000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     57046500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   7823734460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      3832500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     93433500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   7456788468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13492000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3899000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31284023837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       422500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       423500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       397500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1856500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       220000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       181500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       160000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       140000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       110000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       811500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       642500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       634500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       583500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       537500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       270000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2668000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.205377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.385154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.265594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.388355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.128940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.385435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.245872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.386899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.189320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.177143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.121561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.996090                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.997212                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.997467                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.996946                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.882353                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996937                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.992934                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.993724                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.992198                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.992908                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992942                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.431818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.501377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.467617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.539906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.205377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.385376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.265594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.388824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.128940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.385795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.245872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.387484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.189320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.178010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.122041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.205377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.385376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.265594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.388824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.128940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.385795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.245872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.387484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.189320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.178010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.122041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114090.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115244.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115125.326334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117787.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115151.910531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115171.517385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 115466.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115245.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 115158.299225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 112720.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 116210.820896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 115167.351254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 115316.239316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 116322.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115159.239129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54702.405015                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54707.593552                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54702.521167                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54707.146537                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        56100                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54705.003718                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54692.336752                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54655.047692                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54693.967890                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54658.923661                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54675.317543                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 96638.504155                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 97111.263736                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 99193.905817                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 92940.579710                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 97666.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96514.295676                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114090.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115244.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115026.609629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117787.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115151.910531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115074.856124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 115466.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115245.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 115073.533366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 112720.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 116210.820896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 115049.039837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 115316.239316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 114676.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115060.902483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114090.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115244.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115026.609629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117787.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115151.910531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115074.856124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 115466.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115245.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 115073.533366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 112720.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 116210.820896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 115049.039837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 115316.239316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 114676.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115060.902483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       2535                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.l2.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss              47                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67871                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67871    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         67871                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2501                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2501    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2501                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          6874                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     252756240.907768                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    75348312.212330                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07           13      0.19%      0.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          328      4.77%      4.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08         1068     15.54%     20.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08         2768     40.27%     60.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08         2055     29.90%     90.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08          436      6.34%     97.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08          158      2.30%     99.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           22      0.32%     99.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08           13      0.19%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            5      0.07%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            3      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            4      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            6874                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        252740334.498040      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                  17374976                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6874                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    9314169.333721                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   21902620.613604                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         5133     74.67%     74.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1364     19.84%     94.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     94.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          231      3.36%     97.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           59      0.86%     98.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           26      0.38%     99.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           23      0.33%     99.45% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.45% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           12      0.17%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           14      0.20%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            6      0.09%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            3      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           6874                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       9313308.726549      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 640256                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           67871                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       96104.233030                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      95706.615866                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      10605.536565                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-65535           92      0.14%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        65617     96.68%     96.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-131071         1050      1.55%     98.36% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-163839          608      0.90%     99.26% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-196607          330      0.49%     99.74% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          159      0.23%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-262143           11      0.02%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             67871                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               67871                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           1013245.391994                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          934536.339284                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             67867     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             30000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          23955000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 67871                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2501                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         27466316.273491                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        36392646.203401                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            1      0.04%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2500     99.96%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           98000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       350853000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2501                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 70372                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             977051.085659                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            904992.455427                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 3      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                3      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               70361     99.98%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               25000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            17701000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   70372                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6874                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.094996                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.293230                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             6221     90.50%     90.50% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              653      9.50%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         6874                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6874                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            6874    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         6874                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             9.873145                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            2.942373                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                     3      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                    41      0.60%      0.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                   307      4.47%      5.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                  1069     15.55%     20.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                  1743     25.36%     46.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                1884     27.41%     73.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                1176     17.11%     90.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                 437      6.36%     96.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                 148      2.15%     99.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                  30      0.44%     99.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                  17      0.25%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                   5      0.07%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                   6      0.09%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                   1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   3      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   4      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.363835                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.855571                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                   5133     74.67%     74.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1364     19.84%     94.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    231      3.36%     97.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     59      0.86%     98.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     26      0.38%     99.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                     23      0.33%     99.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                     12      0.17%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                     14      0.20%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      6      0.09%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      3      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67849                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67849    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         67849                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2636                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.903263                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.462036                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     4.966695                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2635     99.96%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2636                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          6874                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     252678033.168461                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    76186227.899466                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07           10      0.15%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          392      5.70%      5.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          985     14.33%     20.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08         2770     40.30%     60.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08         2043     29.72%     90.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08          472      6.87%     97.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08          154      2.24%     99.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           22      0.32%     99.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08           14      0.20%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            5      0.07%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            5      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            6874                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        252658410.150985      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                  17369344                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6874                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    9813209.194065                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   22592409.584707                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         5102     74.22%     74.22% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1339     19.48%     93.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     93.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          255      3.71%     97.41% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           74      1.08%     98.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           42      0.61%     99.10% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           23      0.33%     99.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           16      0.23%     99.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            9      0.13%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            7      0.10%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            5      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           6874                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       9812317.023018      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 674561                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           67849                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       96047.191558                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      95683.265210                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      10140.602927                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-65535           71      0.10%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        65646     96.75%     96.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-131071         1079      1.59%     98.45% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-163839          580      0.85%     99.30% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-196607          320      0.47%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          140      0.21%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-262143           11      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             67849                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               67849                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           1012973.868443                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          932126.869480                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             67847    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value             37000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          11037000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 67849                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              2636                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         26092693.474962                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        35687275.434979                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2636    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       318735000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                2636                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 70485                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             975335.135135                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            905361.336210                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               70480     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               37000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            17233000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   70485                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6874                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.095432                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.293832                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             6218     90.46%     90.46% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              656      9.54%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         6874                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6874                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            6874    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         6874                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             9.870236                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            2.971229                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                     4      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                    50      0.73%      0.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                   335      4.87%      5.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                  1016     14.78%     20.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                  1802     26.21%     46.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                1851     26.93%     73.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                1144     16.64%     90.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                 465      6.76%     96.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                 140      2.04%     99.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                  34      0.49%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                  11      0.16%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                  10      0.15%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                   3      0.04%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   2      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   5      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.383328                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.882516                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                   5102     74.22%     74.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1339     19.48%     93.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    255      3.71%     97.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     74      1.08%     98.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     42      0.61%     99.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     23      0.33%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                     16      0.23%     99.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      9      0.13%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      7      0.10%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      5      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67805                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67805    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         67805                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2476                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2476    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2476                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          6874                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     252517893.511784                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean    240677090.297621                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    75727754.993410                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07           22      0.32%      0.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          361      5.25%      5.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          999     14.53%     20.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08         2796     40.68%     60.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08         2011     29.26%     90.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08          493      7.17%     97.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08          147      2.14%     99.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           20      0.29%     99.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08           13      0.19%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            5      0.07%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            4      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            3      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            6874                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        252494561.456876      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                  17358080                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6874                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    9221064.882165                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   21606984.302965                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         5141     74.79%     74.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1371     19.94%     94.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     94.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          212      3.08%     97.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           59      0.86%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           31      0.45%     99.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           24      0.35%     99.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           16      0.23%     99.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            7      0.10%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            4      0.06%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            7      0.10%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           6874                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       9220212.877623      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 633856                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           67805                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       96106.919844                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      95720.034658                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      10461.252895                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           78      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           32      0.05%      0.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        65515     96.62%     96.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          627      0.92%     97.71% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          421      0.62%     98.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          325      0.48%     98.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          324      0.48%     99.29% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          290      0.43%     99.72% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           27      0.04%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            8      0.01%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          145      0.21%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            4      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            5      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             67805                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               67805                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           1013915.212742                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          931198.601434                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             67803    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value             47000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          12452000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 67805                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2476                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         27697404.684976                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        37033977.364776                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2476    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       324068000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2476                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 70281                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             978029.723538                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            904790.652393                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 2      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               70273     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               47000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            10254000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   70281                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6874                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.100087                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.300138                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             6186     89.99%     89.99% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              688     10.01%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         6874                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6874                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            6874    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         6874                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             9.863835                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean            9.401880                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            2.958920                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                     2      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                    60      0.87%      0.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                   328      4.77%      5.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                   986     14.34%     20.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                  1828     26.59%     46.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                1851     26.93%     73.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                1136     16.53%     90.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                 499      7.26%     97.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                 121      1.76%     99.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                  29      0.42%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                  14      0.20%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   9      0.13%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   2      0.03%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   2      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   3      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   3      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.360198                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.844023                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                   5141     74.79%     74.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1371     19.94%     94.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    212      3.08%     97.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     59      0.86%     98.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     31      0.45%     99.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     24      0.35%     99.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                     16      0.23%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      7      0.10%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      4      0.06%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      7      0.10%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67914                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67914    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         67914                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2590                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2590    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2590                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          6874                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     252920104.742508                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean    240996644.080607                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    76282072.556781                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07           19      0.28%      0.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          352      5.12%      5.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08         1026     14.93%     20.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08         2789     40.57%     60.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08         2008     29.21%     90.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08          467      6.79%     96.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08          168      2.44%     99.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           20      0.29%     99.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08           12      0.17%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            6      0.09%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            2      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            5      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            6874                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        252900459.358193      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                  17385984                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6874                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    9645621.181263                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   21965840.221815                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         5083     73.95%     73.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1391     20.24%     94.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     94.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          239      3.48%     97.66% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           66      0.96%     98.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           30      0.44%     99.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           25      0.36%     99.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           20      0.29%     99.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           10      0.15%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            4      0.06%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            4      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           6874                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       9644729.948725      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 663040                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           67914                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       96106.584798                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      95721.063202                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      10452.288628                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           73      0.11%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           40      0.06%      0.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        65631     96.64%     96.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          630      0.93%     97.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          414      0.61%     98.34% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          309      0.45%     98.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          309      0.45%     99.25% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          321      0.47%     99.72% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           21      0.03%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            8      0.01%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          144      0.21%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            5      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            6      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             67914                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               67914                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           1012667.461790                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          941635.252120                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              2      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             67907     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             11000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          29196000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 67914                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              2590                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         26424851.737452                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        37093397.551087                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2590    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          128000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       402303000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                2590                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 70504                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             975223.235561                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            906257.260462                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 3      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 2      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                2      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               70493     99.98%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               11000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            12037000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   70504                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6874                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.097469                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.296617                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             6204     90.25%     90.25% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              670      9.75%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         6874                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6874                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            6874    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         6874                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             9.879546                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean            9.413804                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            2.977247                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                     4      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                    55      0.80%      0.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                   306      4.45%      5.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                  1012     14.72%     20.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                  1823     26.52%     46.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                1792     26.07%     72.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                1207     17.56%     90.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                 469      6.82%     97.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                 140      2.04%     99.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                  32      0.47%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                  15      0.22%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                   8      0.12%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                   2      0.03%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   2      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   6      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.376782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.858041                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                   5083     73.95%     73.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1391     20.24%     94.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    239      3.48%     97.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     66      0.96%     98.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     30      0.44%     99.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     25      0.36%     99.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                     20      0.29%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                     10      0.15%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      4      0.06%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      4      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       288989                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       288989    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total         288989                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        10203                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.975007                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.860906                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.524505                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        10202     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         10203                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           6874                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      1010872272.330521                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     974407844.788990                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     270094702.699751                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.68435e+08            7      0.10%      0.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08          176      2.56%      2.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08         1249     18.17%     20.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09         2679     38.97%     59.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09         2148     31.25%     91.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09          502      7.30%     98.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09           74      1.08%     99.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09           16      0.23%     99.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09           12      0.17%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            4      0.06%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            4      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            3      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             6874                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         1010793765.464093      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   69488384                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          6874                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     37994064.591213                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    69672774.021228                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         5936     86.35%     86.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          710     10.33%     96.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08           48      0.70%     97.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           50      0.73%     98.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           26      0.38%     98.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           29      0.42%     98.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           22      0.32%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           16      0.23%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08           19      0.28%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            9      0.13%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            4      0.06%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            5      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            6874                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        37990568.575915      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 2611713                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples           271439                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        105146.401217                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       104759.832446                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       10782.769453                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-32767                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535          314      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303          125      0.05%      0.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       265789     97.92%     98.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         2465      0.91%     98.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         1981      0.73%     99.72% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          142      0.05%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143          596      0.22%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911           19      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total             271439                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20000.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-1023                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples               288989                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            237885.533705                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           347172.440014                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                21      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                  4392      1.52%      1.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000              4388      1.52%      3.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000             3811      1.32%      4.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000             5849      2.02%      6.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000             3922      1.36%      7.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000             4414      1.53%      9.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000             3753      1.30%     10.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000             4679      1.62%     12.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000             3449      1.19%     13.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000             3668      1.27%     14.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000             3627      1.26%     15.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000             3600      1.25%     17.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000             4218      1.46%     18.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000             3511      1.21%     19.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000             4249      1.47%     21.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             3561      1.23%     22.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             3987      1.38%     23.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000             3406      1.18%     25.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             4121      1.43%     26.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            3324      1.15%     27.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows             209039     72.33%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                  0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            8825500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                 288989                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              10203                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          6737856.659806                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         9329992.802564                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             85      0.83%      0.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             14      0.14%      0.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             29      0.28%      1.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             20      0.20%      1.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             21      0.21%      1.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             13      0.13%      1.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             18      0.18%      1.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             16      0.16%      2.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             18      0.18%      2.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             22      0.22%      2.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             14      0.14%      2.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             20      0.20%      2.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             12      0.12%      2.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             22      0.22%      3.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             11      0.11%      3.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             15      0.15%      3.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            17      0.17%      3.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             9836     96.40%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         95059000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                10203                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 299192                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              229773.361253                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             342358.920637                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                  21      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                    4555      1.52%      1.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                4544      1.52%      3.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000               3967      1.33%      4.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               6674      2.23%      6.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000               4234      1.42%      8.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000               4698      1.57%      9.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000               4045      1.35%     10.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000               5193      1.74%     12.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000               3966      1.33%     14.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000               3950      1.32%     15.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000               3956      1.32%     16.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000               4022      1.34%     17.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000               4462      1.49%     19.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               3983      1.33%     20.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               6955      2.32%     23.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               3732      1.25%     24.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               4122      1.38%     25.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               3547      1.19%     26.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000               4246      1.42%     28.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000              3593      1.20%     29.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               210727     70.43%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                    0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              8825500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   299192                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6874                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.425516                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.619106                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              4390     63.86%     63.86% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              2078     30.23%     94.09% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               372      5.41%     99.51% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                33      0.48%     99.99% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          6874                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6874                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             6874    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6874                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             42.039860                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean            40.601992                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            10.800609                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                      4      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                    32      0.47%      0.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                  213      3.10%      3.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                  779     11.33%     14.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                 1766     25.69%     40.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                 2147     31.23%     71.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                 1312     19.09%     90.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                  475      6.91%     97.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                   95      1.38%     99.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                   20      0.29%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                   14      0.20%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                    7      0.10%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   1      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  2      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  6      0.09%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             1.484143                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            2.721593                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                  4683     68.13%     68.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  1736     25.25%     93.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                   227      3.30%     96.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    48      0.70%     97.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                    32      0.47%     97.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                  26      0.38%     98.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                  18      0.26%     98.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                  29      0.42%     98.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                  16      0.23%     99.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                  18      0.26%     99.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   7      0.10%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                  16      0.23%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   7      0.10%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   5      0.07%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   4      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                6874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     9252369                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    192269                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    1742704                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       68                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     6                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 9444638                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                1742772                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         10995073                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         192337                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     11187410                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    35074947                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                35074952                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         35074947                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     35074952                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       135675590                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   32646559                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     33090094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             26957532                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     171515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4285798                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    26957532                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           38543122                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          19373029                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           126992539                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           20009010                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     11012832                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    9253311                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1759521                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1803301.276129                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              133872288.723871                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.986709                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.013291                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5473593                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 22094967     66.74%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     400      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 9253311     27.95%     94.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1759521      5.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  33108201                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      24                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4017                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           35198806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          8762.461041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         70153911                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        70153911                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     35070930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       35070930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     35070930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        35070930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     35070930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       35070930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         4017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         4017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         4017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    179129042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    179129042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    179129042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    179129042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    179129042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    179129042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     35074947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35074947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     35074947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     35074947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     35074947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     35074947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 44592.741349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44592.741349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 44592.741349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44592.741349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 44592.741349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44592.741349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         4017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         4017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         4017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    170846958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170846958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    170846958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    170846958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    170846958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    170846958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 42530.982823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42530.982823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 42530.982823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42530.982823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 42530.982823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42530.982823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               203                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           184400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          251.679669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            6538964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           184400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            35.460759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   251.679669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.983124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         22261362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        22261362                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      8952982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8952982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      1653591                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1653591                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          229                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          229                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        35940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        35940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        20852                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20852                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     10606573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10606573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     10606802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10606802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       259392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       259392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        57196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        57196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           83                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           83                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         3723                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3723                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        10921                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10921                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       316588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        316588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       316671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       316671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  12145797197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12145797197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2818573693                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2818573693                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    158316504                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    158316504                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    364201486                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    364201486                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1494000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1494000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  14964370890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14964370890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  14964370890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14964370890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      9212374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9212374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1710787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1710787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        39663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        39663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        31773                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31773                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     10923161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10923161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     10923473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10923473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.028157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.033433                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033433                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.266026                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.266026                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.093866                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093866                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.343720                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.343720                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.028983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.028990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 46824.100963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46824.100963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 49279.209962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49279.209962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 42523.906527                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42523.906527                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 33348.730519                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33348.730519                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 47267.650353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47267.650353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 47255.261423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47255.261423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            15067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       259392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       259392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        57194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        57194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           83                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3657                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         3657                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        10905                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10905                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       316586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       316586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       316669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       316669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  11621170829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11621170829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2703675307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2703675307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5518000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5518000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    146566994                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146566994                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    342843514                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342843514                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1028000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1028000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  14324846136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14324846136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  14330364136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14330364136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       667492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       667492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       357000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       357000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1024492                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1024492                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.028157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.033431                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033431                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.266026                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266026                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.092202                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092202                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.343216                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343216                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.028983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.028990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 44801.577647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44801.577647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 47272.009424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47272.009424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 66481.927711                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66481.927711                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 40078.477987                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40078.477987                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 31439.111784                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31439.111784                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 45247.882522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45247.882522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 45253.448036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45253.448036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              8090                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     9165806                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    190584                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1740617                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       64                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 9356390                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1740681                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         10906423                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         190648                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     11097071                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    34757308                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                34757308                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         34757308                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     34757308                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       136992012                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   32337705                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     32785926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             26723820                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     172524                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      4239052                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    26723820                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           38249192                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          19211751                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           125820106                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           19801806                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     10924383                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    9166826                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1757557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              499713.617075                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              136492298.382925                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996352                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003648                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          5415772                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 21879474     66.70%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     371      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                28      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 9166826     27.94%     94.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1757557      5.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  32804257                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      14                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             4040                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           34862444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          8629.317822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         69518656                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        69518656                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     34753268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       34753268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     34753268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        34753268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     34753268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       34753268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          4040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         4040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    219233820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    219233820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    219233820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    219233820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    219233820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    219233820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     34757308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34757308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     34757308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     34757308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     34757308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     34757308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 54265.797030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54265.797030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 54265.797030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54265.797030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 54265.797030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54265.797030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    210784180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210784180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    210784180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210784180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    210784180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210784180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 52174.301980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52174.301980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 52174.301980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52174.301980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 52174.301980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52174.301980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               289                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           183596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          251.745271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            8140807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           183596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            44.340873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   251.745271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.983380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         22105416                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        22105416                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      8851070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8851070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      1640969                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1640969                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          185                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          185                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        36195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        36195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        21149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     10492039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        10492039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     10492224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       10492224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       274327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       274327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        67575                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        67575                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           91                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           91                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         3916                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3916                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        10785                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10785                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       341902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        341902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       341993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       341993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  12739721821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12739721821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3096487173                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3096487173                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    168047942                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    168047942                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    352137995                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    352137995                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1532000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1532000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15836208994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15836208994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15836208994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15836208994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      9125397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9125397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1708544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1708544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          276                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          276                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        40111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        40111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        31934                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31934                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     10833941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10833941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     10834217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10834217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.039551                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039551                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.329710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.329710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.097629                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.097629                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.337728                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.337728                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.031558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.031566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 46439.912298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46439.912298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 45822.969634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45822.969634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 42913.161900                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42913.161900                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 32650.718127                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32650.718127                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 46317.977064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46317.977064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 46305.652437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46305.652437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15030                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            15030                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       274327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       274327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        67575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        67575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           91                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           91                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         3841                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         3841                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        10776                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10776                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       341902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       341902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       341993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       341993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  12183402151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12183402151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2961027817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2961027817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      5221000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5221000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    155166056                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155166056                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    331155005                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    331155005                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       958000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       958000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15144429968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15144429968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15149650968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15149650968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       722486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       722486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       287000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       287000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1009486                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1009486                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.039551                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039551                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.329710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.095759                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095759                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.337446                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337446                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.031558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.031566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 44411.968749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44411.968749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43818.391669                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43818.391669                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 57373.626374                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57373.626374                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 40397.306951                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40397.306951                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 30730.791110                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30730.791110                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 44294.651590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44294.651590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 44298.131740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44298.131740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              8721                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     9270561                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                    193802                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    1753364                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       65                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     7                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 9464363                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                1753429                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         11023925                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                         193867                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     11217792                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    35152845                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                35152857                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         35152845                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     35152857                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                       137492703                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   32704930                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     33151480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             27015685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     172116                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      4289331                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    27015685                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           38650779                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          19420112                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           127229193                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           20035445                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     11041587                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    9271282                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1770305                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles               1041.015992                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              137491661.984008                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999992                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000008                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          5478182                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 22127395     66.71%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     386      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 9271282     27.95%     94.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1770305      5.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  33169374                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             3839                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           34336003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          8943.996614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         70309529                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        70309529                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     35149006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       35149006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     35149006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        35149006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     35149006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       35149006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst         3839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst         3839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          3839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst         3839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         3839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    153251383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153251383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    153251383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153251383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    153251383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153251383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     35152845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35152845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     35152845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     35152845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     35152845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     35152845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 39919.610055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39919.610055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 39919.610055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39919.610055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 39919.610055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39919.610055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         3839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         3839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         3839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    145198617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145198617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    145198617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145198617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    145198617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145198617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 37821.989320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37821.989320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 37821.989320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37821.989320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 37821.989320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37821.989320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               240                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           185251                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          251.798563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            6546625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           185251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            35.339215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   251.798563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.983588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         22333348                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        22333348                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      8959462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8959462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      1656038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1656038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          105                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          105                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        36351                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        36351                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        21378                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21378                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data     10615500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        10615500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data     10615605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       10615605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       270526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       270526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        64979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        64979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           81                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           81                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         4016                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4016                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        10820                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10820                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data       335505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        335505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data       335586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       335586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  12539452258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12539452258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   3130791147                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3130791147                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    168104447                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    168104447                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    352136492                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    352136492                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1716000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1716000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  15670243405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15670243405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  15670243405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15670243405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      9229988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9229988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      1721017                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1721017                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          186                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        40367                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        40367                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        32198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        32198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data     10951005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10951005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data     10951191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10951191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.029309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.037756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.435484                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.435484                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.099487                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.099487                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.336046                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.336046                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.030637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.030644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 46352.114983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46352.114983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 48181.584004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48181.584004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 41858.677042                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41858.677042                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 32544.962292                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32544.962292                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 46706.437773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46706.437773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 46695.164295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46695.164295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            14923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           70                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       270526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       270526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        64979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        64979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           81                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         3946                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         3946                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        10803                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10803                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       335505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       335505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       335586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       335586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  11990724606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11990724606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   3000497849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3000497849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3283501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3283501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    156450046                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156450046                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    331119508                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    331119508                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1120000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1120000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  14991222455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14991222455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  14994505956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14994505956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       669989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       669989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       257000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       257000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       926989                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       926989                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.029309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.037756                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037756                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.435484                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435484                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.097753                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097753                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.335518                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335518                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.030637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.030644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 44323.741918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44323.741918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 46176.423906                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46176.423906                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 40537.049383                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40537.049383                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 39647.756209                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39647.756209                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 30650.699620                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30650.699620                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 44682.560483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44682.560483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 44681.559886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44681.559886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              8553                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     9199100                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                    182097                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1682534                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      541                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     5                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 9381197                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                1683075                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                         10881634                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                         182638                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                     11064272                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    34915438                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                34915450                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         34915438                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     34915450                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                       133761034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   32583601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     33015731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             26805457                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     168914                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      4329846                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    26805457                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           38100192                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          19191743                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           126607999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           20134735                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     10898990                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    9199835                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1699155                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3632185.202268                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              130128848.797732                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.972846                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.027154                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          5527007                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 22133962     67.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     352      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 9199835     27.85%     94.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1699155      5.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  33033312                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      22                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             3270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           34921848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         10679.464220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         69834146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        69834146                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     34912168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       34912168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     34912168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        34912168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     34912168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       34912168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          3270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         3270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    177900467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177900467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    177900467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    177900467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    177900467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    177900467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     34915438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34915438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     34915438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     34915438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     34915438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     34915438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 54403.812538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54403.812538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 54403.812538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54403.812538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 54403.812538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54403.812538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    171005533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171005533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    171005533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171005533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    171005533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171005533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 52295.270031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52295.270031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 52295.270031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52295.270031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 52295.270031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52295.270031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               200                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           175677                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          251.556716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            6966238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           175677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            39.653671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   251.556716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.982643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         22032685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        22032685                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      8903587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8903587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      1596617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1596617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          105                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          105                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        35416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        35416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        20645                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20645                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data     10500204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        10500204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data     10500309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       10500309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       256308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       256308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        54629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        54629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           72                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           72                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         3593                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3593                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        10497                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10497                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data       310937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        310937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data       311009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       311009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  11925636535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11925636535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   2627545134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2627545134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    151648497                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    151648497                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    343573492                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    343573492                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1574500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1574500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  14553181669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14553181669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  14553181669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14553181669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      9159895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9159895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      1651246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1651246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          177                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        39009                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        39009                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        31142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data     10811141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10811141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data     10811318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10811318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.027982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.033084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.406780                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.406780                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.092107                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.092107                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.337069                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.337069                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.028761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.028767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 46528.538067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46528.538067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 48097.990701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48097.990701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 42206.650988                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42206.650988                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 32730.636563                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32730.636563                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 46804.277616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46804.277616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 46793.442212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46793.442212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            14134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       256308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       256308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        54629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        54629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           72                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         3528                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         3528                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        10481                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10481                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       310937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       310937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       311009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       311009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  11406505459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11406505459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   2517952860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2517952860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3838500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3838500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    140319499                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140319499                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    323149508                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323149508                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1028500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1028500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  13924458319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13924458319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  13928296819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13928296819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       630991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       630991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       221500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       221500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       852491                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       852491                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.027982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.033084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.406780                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406780                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.090441                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090441                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.336555                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336555                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.028761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.028767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 44503.119134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44503.119134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 46091.871716                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46091.871716                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 53312.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53312.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 39773.100624                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39773.100624                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 30831.934739                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30831.934739                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 44782.249520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44782.249520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 44784.224312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44784.224312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry              8066                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                        60039379                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              60038993.417565                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                385.582435                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.000006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.999994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          177.352249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   177.352249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.692782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.692782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.691406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses             259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           59                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             59                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total             119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total            121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         8000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         8000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        12000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        12000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        12000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        12000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.024590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.024194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         6000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         6000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.024590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.024194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                        60039523                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              60039126.063109                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                396.936891                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000007                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999993                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          192.414987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   192.414987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.751621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.751621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses             259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total             118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total            120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        22000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        43500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  7333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        16000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        35500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        35500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  5333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                        60039662                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              60039265.062190                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                396.937810                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000007                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999993                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          170.359226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   170.359226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.665466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.665466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.664062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses             259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total             118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total            120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        22000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        43500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  7333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        16000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        35500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        35500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  5333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        6167                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         3                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       5381                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    6170                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   5381                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            11548                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        11551                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       27148                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   27148                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            27148                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        27148                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       137492727                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      26710                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        32226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                29906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         2971                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       29906                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              53529                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             20586                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              118952                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              10847                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        12572                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       6383                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      6189                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              137310161.799463                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              182565.200537                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.001328                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.998672                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             5031                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    20684     62.00%     62.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      93      0.28%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.04%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    6383     19.13%     81.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   6189     18.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     33363                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              618                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              36995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.862460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            54914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           54914                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        26530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        26530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           26530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        26530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          26530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     23532990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23532990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     23532990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23532990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     23532990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23532990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        27148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        27148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        27148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        27148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        27148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 38079.271845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38079.271845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 38079.271845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38079.271845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 38079.271845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38079.271845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22289010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22289010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22289010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22289010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22289010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22289010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 36066.359223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36066.359223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 36066.359223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36066.359223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 36066.359223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36066.359223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                72                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          214.041916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               6674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.279661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   214.041916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.836101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.836101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            23401                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           23401                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         5654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           5654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         5187                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          5187                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data        10841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           10841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data        10918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          10918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          364                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          364                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7301498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7301498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1977499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1977499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       885499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       885499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       377000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       377000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      9278997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9278997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      9278997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9278997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         5251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           94                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          128                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          128                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          125                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          125                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data        11188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        11282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.180851                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.180851                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.203125                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.203125                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.120000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.120000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25800.346290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25800.346290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30898.421875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30898.421875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 34057.653846                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34057.653846                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25133.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25133.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26740.625360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26740.625360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25491.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25491.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6733502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6733502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1848501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1848501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       682001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       682001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       185500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       185500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       347000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       347000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      8582003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8582003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      9264004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9264004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       167500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       167500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       423500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       423500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012188                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012188                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.180851                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180851                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.070312                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070312                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.120000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 23793.293286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23793.293286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28882.828125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28882.828125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 40117.705882                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40117.705882                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20611.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20611.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 23133.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23133.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24731.997118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24731.997118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25450.560440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25450.560440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                56                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
sim_ticks.offload_task 68746352000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -668730384.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       841239302.399999
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -451127640.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       567502704.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -3346587379.199999
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       4428897408.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -663372840.960000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       697237217.280000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -658827688919.040527
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       696326245662.719116
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -204185276150.399933
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       216688643974.080170
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -9097451805408.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       9614478833232.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.068746
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       861532630.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       323363787.453791
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       107533426.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       256.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       21899759.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       36897841.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       6992925.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       130300348.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       153598536.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       77217965.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       256.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       687126.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       107533426.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       256.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       139928576.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       29.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       139928547.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       15784.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       36733774.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       6797028.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       44578480.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       759493.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       1060844.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       244446.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       4337968
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       271439.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       10202.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       285234.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1896372.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       68147.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       270457.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
