sim_seconds                                  0.060396                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 60396333000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4296315196500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               19803346                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 20222153                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              252408380                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2603676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   239.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4738548693                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4838760969                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      2872524                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::total      2872524                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         6036                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         6036                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       718131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::total       718131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         1509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::total         1509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     47561232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::total       47561232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data        99940                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::total         99940                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     47661172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::total      47661172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs               718131                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                1509                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts             718131                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts              1509                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM        22961696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ            18496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten            27680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys          2872524                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys          6036                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             578                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts            642                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0        81193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1        83748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2        57347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3        93067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4        95853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5       126071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6        65012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7       115262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1          108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2          121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3          114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6          112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7          126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap            74295166000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2         718131                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2          1509                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0           717553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15              16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16              17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17              45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18              53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19              53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20              52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21              52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22              52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23              52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24              55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26              52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27              52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28              52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29              52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30              52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31              52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32              52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       285389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    80.554527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.199586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.792674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63        43655     15.30%     15.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95       153791     53.89%     69.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-127        32831     11.50%     80.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-159        32889     11.52%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-191         8125      2.85%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-223         8783      3.08%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1410      0.49%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2429      0.85%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::288-319          430      0.15%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::320-351          937      0.33%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::352-383           44      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-415           63      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::416-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       285389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           52                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean 13686.730769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 12496.348414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5244.362868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      1.92%      1.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      1.92%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      1.92%      5.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      1.92%      7.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            3      5.77%     13.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      1.92%     15.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      1.92%     17.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      1.92%     19.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      1.92%     21.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      1.92%     23.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      3.85%     26.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      1.92%     28.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2      3.85%     32.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            4      7.69%     40.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      1.92%     42.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            6     11.54%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            3      5.77%     59.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      1.92%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            4      7.69%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      1.92%     71.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            2      3.85%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            2      3.85%     78.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            1      1.92%     80.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            4      7.69%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            2      3.85%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            1      1.92%     94.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      1.92%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20992-21503            1      1.92%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29183            1      1.92%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           52                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           52                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.634615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.609844                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.929449                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           35     67.31%     67.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      1.92%     69.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           16     30.77%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           52                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat            8444215483                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat      20606738833                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat          2296169600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat              11768.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat         28718.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                380.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys              47.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  3.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              3.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen               25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits            432920                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits              109                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          60.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate         12.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap              103239.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate             60.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20439536552                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT  34650764938                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0     266444035.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1     254553667.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2     336886905.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3     267853219.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0        179743992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1        171722712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2        227264976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3        180694632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0    351340454.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1       341293056                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2    490735564.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3    427691596.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0   115844152.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1   115898065.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2   115761208.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3      115789824                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 13477303604.160002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 13674660914.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2  14973524712                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 14876619914.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0  69465933696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1  69292813248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2  68153459040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3  68238463248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   107196489801.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   107190821531.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   107637512274.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   107446992302.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     79.123353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     79.119169                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     79.448878                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     79.308253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                 6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        16955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        12716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                29671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks          25432                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               25432                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks          25432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        16955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        12716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total               55103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           16                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  60417184000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                  48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.866667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.588068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.884408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     13.33%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     13.33%     26.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     73.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean            32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.712813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.627417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                     1397200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                2346400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     29.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 4647475692.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   85.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   55088483666                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT        1817824                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           2174860.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           2066601.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           2096841.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           2223849.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0           1467168.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                1394136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                1414536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                1500216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          8310681.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          7921804.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          7930291.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          8549299.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         3768975.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         3523461.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         3530511.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         3735797.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       6799518910.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       6798042400.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       6799690128.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       6800919742.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        75323639568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        75324934752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2        75323489376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3        75322410768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         105478760031.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         105477763023.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         105478031552.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         105479219540.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.855471                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.854735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.854933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.855810                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      2975324                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::total      2975324                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         6660                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         6660                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data       743831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::total       743831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         1665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::total         1665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     49263322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::total       49263322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data       110272                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::total        110272                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     49373594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::total      49373594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs               743831                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                1665                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts             743831                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts              1665                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM        23773120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ            29472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten            29760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys          2975324                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys          6660                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ             921                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts            732                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0        79327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1        82006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2       139716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3        59970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4        77085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5        97472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6        68789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7       138545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1          110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2          115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3          124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4          113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5          113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6          117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7          110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap            74293942000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2         743831                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2          1665                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0           742910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15              14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16              18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17              49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23              57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26              60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       308940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    77.046935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.940686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.304722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63        55383     17.93%     17.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95       169788     54.96%     72.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-127        38274     12.39%     85.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-159        24362      7.89%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191         5023      1.63%     94.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6109      1.98%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7294      2.36%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1313      0.43%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::288-319          868      0.28%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::320-351          376      0.12%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::352-383          107      0.03%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-415           32      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::416-447            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::448-479            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::480-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       308940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean 13323.892857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 12023.475757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5582.386973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      1.79%      1.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      1.79%      3.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      3.57%      7.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      3.57%     10.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      1.79%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3      5.36%     17.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      1.79%     19.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      1.79%     21.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3      5.36%     26.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3      5.36%     32.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      1.79%     33.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            3      5.36%     39.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2      3.57%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            3      5.36%     48.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2      3.57%     51.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      1.79%     53.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      1.79%     55.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      1.79%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            2      3.57%     60.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            2      3.57%     64.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            3      5.36%     69.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            2      3.57%     73.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            1      1.79%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            2      3.57%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            3      5.36%     83.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      1.79%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            3      5.36%     91.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      1.79%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20992-21503            1      1.79%     94.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22016-22527            1      1.79%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23039            1      1.79%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27135            1      1.79%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.607143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.580814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.966316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           38     67.86%     67.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            4      7.14%     75.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           13     23.21%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      1.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat            9199889924                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat      21792214424                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat          2377312000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat              12383.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat         29333.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                393.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys              49.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  3.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              3.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               24.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits            434771                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits              129                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          58.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate         13.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap               99657.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate             58.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18943161362                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT  36147140128                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0        297265248                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1     300173126.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2     285611356.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3     284781571.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0        200536080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1     202497744.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2        192674328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3        192114552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    393848332.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1    374970585.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2    376868044.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3    505037644.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   115855764.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   115807242.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   115831710.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3   115803095.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 13740015637.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 13850851325.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 14461920564.480001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 15240826658.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0  69235484544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1  69138260256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2  68602234608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3  67918983648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   107322885474.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   107322440147.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   107375020480.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   107597427037.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     79.216648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     79.216319                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     79.255129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     79.419291                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        16955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        12716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         8477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                38148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        16955                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           16955                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks          33909                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               33909                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks          33909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        16955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        12716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         8477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total               72057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          9                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  60328749000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   72                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.882353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.320180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.730830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     11.76%     11.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     11.76%     23.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287           13     76.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean            32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.712813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.627417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     1796400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                3016800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    230400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     26.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 3548749941.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   55088762184                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        1539306                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           2136758.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           2046038.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           2365977.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           2306707.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                1441464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                1380264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                1596096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                1556112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0               8201856                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1          7938777.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          8996083.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          8707545.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         3709255.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         3510604.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         3984629.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         3798835.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       6798801913.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       6797751071.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       6802829251.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       6802876036.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        75324268512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        75325190304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2        75320735760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3        75320694720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         105478439627.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         105477696927.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         105480387665.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         105479819824.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.855234                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.854686                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.856672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.856253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      2839392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total      2839392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         6512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         6512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       709848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total       709848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         1628                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total         1628                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     47012656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       47012656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       107821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total        107821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     47120477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      47120477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs               709848                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                1628                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts             709848                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts              1628                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM        22694400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ            20736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            29536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys          2839392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys          6512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ             648                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts            707                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0        81324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1       121333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2        74536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3        61456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4        73475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5        77537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6        80180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7       139359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0          108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1          120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2          138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3          115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4          114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5          117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6          124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap            74328341000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2         709848                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2          1628                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0           709200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15              12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16              15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22              55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23              55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26              60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28              57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32              56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       287156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    79.134463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.101160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.008104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63        47358     16.49%     16.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95       152868     53.24%     69.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127        32317     11.25%     80.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159        34245     11.93%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191         8504      2.96%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7375      2.57%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1364      0.48%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2146      0.75%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::288-319          309      0.11%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::320-351          596      0.21%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::352-383           27      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-415           39      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::416-447            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::448-479            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       287156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 12509.982143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 11179.598495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5783.666857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            2      3.57%      3.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      3.57%      7.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      1.79%      8.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      1.79%     10.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      1.79%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            4      7.14%     19.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3      5.36%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      1.79%     26.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            4      7.14%     33.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            4      7.14%     41.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            3      5.36%     46.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            4      7.14%     53.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2      3.57%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2      3.57%     60.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      1.79%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      1.79%     64.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            2      3.57%     67.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      1.79%     69.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            2      3.57%     73.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            1      1.79%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      1.79%     76.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            2      3.57%     80.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            2      3.57%     83.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            1      1.79%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            2      3.57%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20992-21503            1      1.79%     91.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22015            1      1.79%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22016-22527            1      1.79%     94.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24063            1      1.79%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25087            2      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.482143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.462346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.831014                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           41     73.21%     73.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            3      5.36%     78.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           12     21.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat            8504032354                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat      20524972354                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat          2269440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              11991.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         28941.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                375.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              47.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  3.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              3.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               25.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits            422828                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits              139                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate          59.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate         15.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap              104470.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate             59.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20479936779                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT  34610364711                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     294837580.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1        243008640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     274792694.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     296532835.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0        198898368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1        163934400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2     185376024.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3        200041992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    406500556.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    302981452.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    355883174.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    513005875.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   115930414.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   115870279.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   115825075.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   115845811.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 14376611810.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 13017303097.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 13877843990.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 15341363988.480001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0  68677066848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1  69869442912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2  69114582480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3  67830793008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   107409725446.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   107052420649.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   107264183305.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   107637463377.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     79.280745                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     79.017013                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     79.173319                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     79.448842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks           11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu2.data         8477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         4239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                12716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks          46625                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               46625                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks          46625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu2.data         8477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         4239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total               59341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        11                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      88                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                    768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                2816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  60404420000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                   24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                  88                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.105263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.659691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    91.168888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     21.05%     21.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     21.05%     42.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     57.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean             8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.237604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                      598800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                1005600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                     76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     31.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               90.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 4314601428.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   90.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   55087940119                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT        2361371                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0                2328480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           2039385.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           2572214.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           2381702.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                1570800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                1375776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                1735224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                1606704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0               8973120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          7801497.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2               9849216                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          9057484.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         4031493.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1              3483648                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         4319723.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         3901685.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       6801207733.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       6798597042.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       6804759772.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       6803539626.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        75322158144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        75324448224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2        75319042320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3        75320112624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         105480149638.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         105477625440.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         105482158338.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         105480479694.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.856496                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.854633                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.857979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.856740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                 11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         4239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         4239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         8477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        16955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        12716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                46625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total            4239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks          72057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total               72057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks          72057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         4239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         4239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         8477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        16955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        12716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total              118683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                         11                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                        17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                     136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  2816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                   4608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   2816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                4352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3               39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  60346385000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   88                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                 136                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           35                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   212.114286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.179411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.980310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            6     17.14%     17.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            6     17.14%     34.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287           23     65.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           35                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.816656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               6    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     2646784                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                4138384                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    281600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    30077.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               47027.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     27.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      77                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                    120                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               88.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 2155228035.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   87.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE   55086254398                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT        4047092                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           2098051.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1                2301264                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           2007331.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           2244412.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                1415352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                1552440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                1354152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3           1514088.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          8170905.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               8870784                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          7581350.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          8523340.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         3589816.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         3895050.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         3437199.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         3696399.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       6798193865.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       6801508255.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       6798829766.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       6801845659.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0        75324801888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1        75321894528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2        75324244080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3        75321598560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         105478149745.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         105479902189.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         105477333746.879990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         105479302327.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.855020                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.856314                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.854418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.855871                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  55090301490                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  55090301490                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu2.data         8477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         4239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         8477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                25432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total            4239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks          38148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               38148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks          38148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu2.data         8477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         4239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         8477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total               63580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  60424561000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                   48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                  72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.105263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.047272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.659875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     10.53%     10.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      5.26%     15.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      5.26%     21.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      5.26%     26.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      5.26%     31.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     10.53%     42.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     57.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.132892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                     1648920                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                2462520                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    34352.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               51302.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     34.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     59                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               81.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 4028304066.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   84.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   55087834316                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT        2467174                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0                2174256                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1                2071440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2                2083536                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           2186956.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                1466760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                1397400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                1405560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3           1475328.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          8363596.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          8020147.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          7951756.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          8210342.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         3739115.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         3513507.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         3516825.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         3686446.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       6800070214.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       6798612144.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       6799610347.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       6801582565.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        75323155968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        75324434976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2        75323559360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3        75321829344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         105478849777.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         105477929483.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         105478007253.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         105478850850.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.855537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.854858                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.854915                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.855538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    131727596                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     40627519                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       143947                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       139954                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       142977                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       146998                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    172928991                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    131727596                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    131727596                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      9948283                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15809                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        15243                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data        15910                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data        15884                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     10011129                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     32931899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     11933941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       143947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       139954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       142977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       146998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::total     45439716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      3389410                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         7946                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         7668                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         8002                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         7994                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3421020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2181052879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    672681883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2383373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2317260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2367313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2433889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2863236597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2181052879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2181052879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    164716672                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       261754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       252383                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       263427                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       262996                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::total    165757232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2181052879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    837398555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2645127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2569643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2630739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2696886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3028993830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total              2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                  9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         8477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        12716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        16955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total                38148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8477                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::total            8477                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks          59341                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total               59341                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks          59341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         8477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        12716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        16955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total               97489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          9                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                        14                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                       72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                     112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                   3584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                   2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                3584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           18                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2               39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  60327924000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                   72                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                 112                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   210.285714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.432129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.523597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     17.86%     17.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     17.86%     35.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287           18     64.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    19.595918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.618802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24               2     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    27.269265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev            8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               3     75.00%     75.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::40               1     25.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                     2136400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                3356800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                    230400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    29672.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               46622.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     25.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                      63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                     93                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               83.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 2622953217.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   84.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE   55086754627                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF     5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT        3546863                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                2144016                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           2275257.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                2177280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           2134339.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                1446360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                1534896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                1468800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                1439832                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               8206848                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          8832844.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          8312179.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          8194867.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         3682713.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         3822474.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         3636264.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         3569909.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       6799912729.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       6800987266.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       6801224204.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       6800185071.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0        75323294112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1        75322351536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2        75322143696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3        75323055216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         105478566647.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         105479684142.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         105478842291.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         105478459103.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.855328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.856153                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.855531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.855248                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  55090301490                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    126523068                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     39393031                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       152243                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       159294                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       146944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       150906                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    166525486                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    126523068                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    126523068                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      9635616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15907                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        16542                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data        15456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data        15659                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      9699180                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst     31630767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     11510866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       152243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       159294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       146944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       150906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::total     43751020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      3254151                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         8011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         8328                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         7782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         7880                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3286152                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2094879966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    652242099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2520733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2637478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2432995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2498595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2757211866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2094879966                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2094879966                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    159539752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       263377                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       273891                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       255910                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       259271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::total    160592200                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2094879966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    811781851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2784109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2911369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2688905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2757866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::total   2917804066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                 16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         4239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         4239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        25432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        29671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total                67819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks          72057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total               72057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks          72057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         4239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         4239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        25432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        29671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total              139876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                         16                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                      128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                     136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  4096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   4096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                4352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           14                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  60406753000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                  128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                 136                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           37                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.405405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.829642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.688207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     13.51%     13.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     13.51%     27.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           27     72.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           37                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     20.800000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.730233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    14.532722                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     40.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean     25.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    25.421372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.577709                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               4     80.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::32               1     20.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     4428872                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                6598472                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    409600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    34600.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               51550.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     34.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                     112                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                    107                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               78.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 1830507666.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   82.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE   55086752319                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        3549171                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           2096841.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           2303683.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2                2029104                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           2260137.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                1414536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                1554072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                1368840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                1524696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          7976716.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          8773939.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          7678694.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          8547801.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         3719208.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1              3898368                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         3450885.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         3848601.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       6797957037.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       6801668530.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       6798960383.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       6801701800.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0        75325009632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1        75321753936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2        75324129504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3        75321724752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         105478053840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         105479832396.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         105477497278.080017                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         105479487656.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.854949                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.856262                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.854539                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.856008                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks           12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         4239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         4239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        12716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        12716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total                33909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks          50864                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total               50864                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks          50864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         4239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         4239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        12716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        12716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total               84773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                        12                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                   2560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                3072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  60135484000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                  96                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           21                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   193.960432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.468318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2      9.52%      9.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      4.76%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      4.76%     19.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     14.29%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           14     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           21                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     21.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    20.158737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.237604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     26.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    26.415418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     4.618802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               2     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32               1     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                     1808800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                2893600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    28262.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               45212.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     25.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                     67                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               69.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 3006774200.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   76.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE   55087707122                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF     5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT        2594368                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           2081116.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           2278886.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           2153692.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3                2110752                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0           1403928.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                1537344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2           1452888.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                1423920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               8097024                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          8700556.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          8216332.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          7995187.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         3589816.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         3901685.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         3613040.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         3543782.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       6797403763.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       6800647674.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       6800617961.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       6800114263.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0        75325494960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1        75322649424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2        75322675488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3        75323117328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         105477950475.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         105479595438.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         105478609271.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         105478185100.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.854873                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.856087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.855359                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.855046                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  55090301490                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 6775832701.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3  75344416944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   105460129512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      3034464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::total      3034464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         6552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         6552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data       758616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::total       758616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         1638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::total         1638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     50242521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::total       50242521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data       108483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::total        108483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     50351004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::total      50351004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs               758616                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                1638                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts             758616                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts              1638                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM        24259456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ            16256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten            30848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys          3034464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys          6552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ             508                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts            679                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0        87799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1       103333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2       104667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3        82919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4       103430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5        75684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6        73981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7       126295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0          110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1          115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2          118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3          133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4          113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5          123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6          124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap            74274345500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2         758616                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2          1638                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0           758108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15              12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16              15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17              46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24              61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25              60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26              65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28              59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29              57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32              58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       307780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    78.920996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.186772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.422693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63        47334     15.38%     15.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-95       170050     55.25%     70.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::96-127        37223     12.09%     82.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-159        29604      9.62%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::160-191         7526      2.45%     94.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::192-223        12067      3.92%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1515      0.49%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1821      0.59%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::288-319          193      0.06%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::320-351          366      0.12%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::352-383           42      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-415           21      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::416-447           15      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::448-479            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       307780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           58                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean 13111.103448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 11880.542555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5952.550621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      1.72%      1.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      3.45%      5.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      1.72%      6.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      3.45%     10.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3      5.17%     15.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            4      6.90%     22.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3      5.17%     27.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      3.45%     31.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      3.45%     34.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            4      6.90%     41.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            4      6.90%     48.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            4      6.90%     55.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            4      6.90%     62.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      1.72%     63.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      1.72%     65.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            2      3.45%     68.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      1.72%     70.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            4      6.90%     77.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      1.72%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            1      1.72%     81.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      1.72%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            2      3.45%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      1.72%     87.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23039            1      1.72%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::23040-23551            1      1.72%     91.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24063            1      1.72%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25087            1      1.72%     94.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::25088-25599            1      1.72%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26111            1      1.72%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::29184-29695            1      1.72%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           58                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           58                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.620690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.581257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.211460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           43     74.14%     74.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      1.72%     75.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           11     18.97%     94.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      1.72%     96.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      1.72%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22            1      1.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           58                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat            8920891105                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat      21770821705                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat          2425945600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat              11767.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat         28717.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                401.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys              50.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  4.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              4.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen               25.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits            451163                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits              129                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          59.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate         13.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap               97696.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate             59.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18854912790                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   5306873400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT  36235388700                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0     293472547.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1     286486502.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2     266687164.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3     295578460.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0        197977512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1     193264704.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2        179908008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3        199398168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0    391374297.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1    375084403.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2    353789529.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3    517791705.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0   115797288.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1      115862400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2   115835857.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3   115798533.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 23339879867.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 14016525373.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 14373922870.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2  13935779064                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 15437992942.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0  68992932144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1  68679425568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2  69063762240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3  67746030768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   107347959030.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   107363926315.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   107255641731.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   107652470445.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     79.235155                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     79.246940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     79.167014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     79.459919                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    132268668                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     40770553                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       143082                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       141205                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       143727                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       143225                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    173610460                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    132268668                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    132268668                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      9966930                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        16113                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        15963                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data        16033                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data        16009                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     10031049                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst     33067167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     11980906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       143082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       141205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       143727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       143225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total     45619312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      3399882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         8106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         8043                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         8068                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         8062                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3432162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2190011569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    675050139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2369051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2337973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2379731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2371419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2874519882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2190011569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2190011569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    165025416                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       266788                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       264304                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       265463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       265066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           17                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total    166087054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2190011569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    840075556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2635839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2602277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2645194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2636485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3040606936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst    126178292                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     39365804                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       155019                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       155567                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       157559                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       155744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    166167985                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst    126178292                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    126178292                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      9638917                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15558                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        15686                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data        16020                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data        15876                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      9702057                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst     31544573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     11489288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       155019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       155567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       157559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       155744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::total     43657750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      3247483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         7824                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         7895                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         8067                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         7992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3279261                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2089171407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    651791293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2566696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2575769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2608751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2578700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2751292616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2089171407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2089171407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    159594408                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       257598                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       259718                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       265248                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       262864                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::total    160639836                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2089171407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    811385701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2824294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2835487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2873999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2841563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::total   2911932451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             2378535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2378535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             127732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            127732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                94                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              87                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               26                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      5015383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      5015711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                5015711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      2673788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2674444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2674444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1189267500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2379201500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127732000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63866000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1551000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       754500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       716500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        43500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        14000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       429000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         3318                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        83131                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         3678                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         7216                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        57000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        96000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        14500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        18998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          7003                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                        90347                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                   2506060                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                         6980                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                 38000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                  2506060                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                       90329                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                92000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               75998                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             110500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                             2857                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3107                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    3107    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3107                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              113500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 164                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1318493500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             2506310                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         2443540000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            2506380                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq            2378434                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp           2378434                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq            127669                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp           127669                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback               94                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              68                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            19                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             87                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               26                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              26                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       300506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       322804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       327028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       302696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      1253134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           29                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       300989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       321916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       327270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       302832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      1253123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       304368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       317726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       326242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       304702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      1253142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       301175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       320330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       330794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       300742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      1253127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               5012526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       157993                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       169319                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       171374                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       159265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total       667935                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         3840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       158426                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       169115                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       171327                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       159318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total       671754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       160230                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       166489                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       171095                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       159968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total       666486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       158709                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       168028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       173233                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       158171                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total       667613                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                2673788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2850905200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   5829657754                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    272226600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    179693500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       883600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        95200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        26600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       121713                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        36400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       256624                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        16121                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1251                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      3986200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       302200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                        17372                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                  2506060                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                       17372                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime              4288400                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                 2506060                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime            4288400                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy             120200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy              94800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 22                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy              88600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 29                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy             105600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy             201800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 47                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy             131000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 25                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             190600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 39                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy             169400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 41                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy          753610600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded             603519                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy          798651000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded             641388                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy         815619200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded            655667                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy         755190800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded            605486                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        1502610686                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            626557                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        1502284907                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            626546                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        1502503694                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            626564                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        1502330304                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            626549                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq      2378434                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp      2378434                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq       127669                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp       127669                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback           94                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           68                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           19                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           87                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           26                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           26                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      1253134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      1253123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      1253142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      1253127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      5012526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       667935                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       671754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       666486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       667613                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      2673788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1902747200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2140723900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    114902100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    102135200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       376000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        54400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        15200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        69600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        20800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       104000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         7301                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp          593                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      3238700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       243200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                  7894                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess            2506060                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess           2506060                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                 7893                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime       3480900                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime      3481900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    504513100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       626577                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    504561800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       626577                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    504494300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       626578                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    504546500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       626578                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   2243032700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      2506216                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2389033                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2389033                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            127732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           127732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             1685                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1520                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1438                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1255514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1259093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1249410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           99                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1260767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           35                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               5035077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       257024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       914310                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       254720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       899446                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       247552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       919698                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       227072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       892097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       160000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                4848924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1194683166                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2601790295                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127740982                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63866497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     54762500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       760000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       719000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        52498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        91494                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      3477500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         5098                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          238                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         3638                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           50                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           54                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           44                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           35                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     37191496                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      3464993                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      3098500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1404999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       538000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1086500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        39500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       617499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        55500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                         8944                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         246                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                  2506060                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                        7761                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime             21367000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                 2506060                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           43936994                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           3559993                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                            6408                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            15361                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 15361    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              15361                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1378763142                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            2521585                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          32635988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              1004                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         654662466                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            628266                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             48000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                48                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          32343985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               995                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         658459949                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            630156                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy             55000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                55                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         31432490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              967                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        652771479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           625212                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            62000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               62                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         28831990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              887                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        660376457                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           631025                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy            71998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded               71                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy            65000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy           367497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded               24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy           162500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy           302499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded               23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy           398997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded               24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         20316491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              625                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy         10813997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              429                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access              33067167                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access              16092264                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            711476                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles               120792665                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts           31634069                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps             31634395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     26487376                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                326                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3528923                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts            26487376                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads     48467146                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes     19556780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    132975447                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     19630451                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs             16092264                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts           12690754                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts           3401510                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles         120792665                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                  5147345                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         15542131     49.13%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead        12690754     40.12%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3401510     10.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total          31634395                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       709848                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       709848    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       709848                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1628                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         1628    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1628                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 47013280.344428                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 25041846.709143                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          519      8.59%      8.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           84      1.39%      9.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          116      1.92%     11.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          120      1.99%     13.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          189      3.13%     17.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          279      4.62%     21.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          394      6.52%     28.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          268      4.44%     32.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          261      4.32%     36.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          238      3.94%     40.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          308      5.10%     45.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          290      4.80%     50.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          297      4.92%     55.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          278      4.60%     60.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          279      4.62%     64.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          292      4.84%     69.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          317      5.25%     75.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          508      8.41%     83.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          899     14.89%     98.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          103      1.71%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 47012655.553111      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes           2839392                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 107832.422587                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 485391.003592                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         5723     94.77%     94.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           80      1.32%     96.09% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           41      0.68%     96.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           97      1.61%     98.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           44      0.73%     99.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            4      0.07%     99.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           28      0.46%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06           12      0.20%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            4      0.07%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            3      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            2      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 107821.115563      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           6512                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       709848                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36525.384308                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32548.524737                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23134.150675                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-32767       423474     59.66%     59.66% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535       250118     35.24%     94.89% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303          405      0.06%     94.95% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071        31535      4.44%     99.39% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         4298      0.61%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607           12      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       709848                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1628                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         1628    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         1628                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       709848                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   104710.221061                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  16581982.688644                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          199      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            4      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            2      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       225801     31.81%     31.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        52249      7.36%     39.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          301      0.04%     39.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       277710     39.12%     78.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         5796      0.82%     79.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          109      0.02%     79.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000       100956     14.22%     93.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           99      0.01%     93.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          203      0.03%     93.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          182      0.03%     93.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          111      0.02%     93.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           85      0.01%     93.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          116      0.02%     93.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           52      0.01%     93.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        45873      6.46%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  13961011500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total        709848                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         1628                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 45654778.562654                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 360100558.184173                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          493     30.28%     30.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     30.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     30.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          300     18.43%     48.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     48.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     48.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     48.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          283     17.38%     66.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     66.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     66.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     66.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     66.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     66.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     66.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     66.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     66.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     66.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     66.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          552     33.91%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14105968000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         1628                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        711476                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     104470.623043                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    16562998.611481                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000         1185      0.17%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          609      0.09%      0.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            2      0.00%      0.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          588      0.08%      0.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       225801     31.74%     32.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        52263      7.35%     39.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     39.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       277433     38.99%     78.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         5796      0.81%     79.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          199      0.03%     79.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000       100942     14.19%     93.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           99      0.01%     93.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          259      0.04%     93.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           96      0.01%     93.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          131      0.02%     93.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          140      0.02%     93.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           60      0.01%     93.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           52      0.01%     93.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        45820      6.44%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  13961011500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total          711476                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.433350                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.495579                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3422     56.67%     56.67% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2617     43.33%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean   117.533035                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    62.591994                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          558      9.24%      9.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          162      2.68%     11.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          217      3.59%     15.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          425      7.04%     22.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          514      8.51%     31.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          368      6.09%     37.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          412      6.82%     43.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          464      7.68%     51.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          428      7.09%     58.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          419      6.94%     65.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          476      7.88%     73.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          820     13.58%     87.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          776     12.85%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.269581                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.213478                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0           5556     92.00%     92.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1            167      2.77%     94.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2             80      1.32%     96.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3             41      0.68%     96.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4             84      1.39%     98.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5             13      0.22%     98.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6             44      0.73%     99.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              4      0.07%     99.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8             28      0.46%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10            12      0.20%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             4      0.07%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             3      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             1      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     46329160                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     46329160                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3433790                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3433790                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave      1422952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     30761576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     32184528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     66134334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total     66134334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port      1207038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total      1207038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total      99525900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave      2845904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     50737483                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     53583387                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    132268668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total    132268668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       635358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       635358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total      186487413                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  23164580000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  49400796600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3433790000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   2261457200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     18100994                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     30219916                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       304939                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       704087                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1806613000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  14500611100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     11158000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    140818900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq             18405933                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp            30924003                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           603519                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail               71359                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     36833500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          603519                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail               2981                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       607700                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1817771000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  14641430000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    356552000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       711476                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  26241818000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         43.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     49051474                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  17060497400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         28.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     16092264                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  33903564000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         56.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     33067167                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    698192400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       603519                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access              31630767                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access              15510513                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            745496                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles               120792667                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts           30272546                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps             30272860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     25416901                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                314                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3343613                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts            25416901                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads     46643049                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes     18817315                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    127582671                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     18709736                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs             15510513                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts           12254697                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts           3255816                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles         120792667                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.Branches                  4856273                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         14762347     48.76%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead        12254697     40.48%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3255816     10.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total          30272860                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       743831                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       743831    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       743831                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1665                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         1665    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1665                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 49264249.047856                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 24927111.338001                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          473      7.83%      7.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           88      1.46%      9.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           92      1.52%     10.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          112      1.85%     12.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          151      2.50%     15.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          205      3.39%     18.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          343      5.68%     24.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          284      4.70%     28.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          266      4.40%     33.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          236      3.91%     37.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          301      4.98%     42.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          245      4.06%     46.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          318      5.27%     51.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          286      4.74%     56.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          329      5.45%     61.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          249      4.12%     65.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          315      5.22%     71.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          527      8.73%     79.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07         1121     18.56%     98.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           98      1.62%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 49263321.996718      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes           2975324                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 110283.159463                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 505942.071023                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         5716     94.65%     94.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           81      1.34%     95.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           48      0.79%     96.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           98      1.62%     98.41% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           45      0.75%     99.16% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            3      0.05%     99.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           23      0.38%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06           11      0.18%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            1      0.02%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            3      0.05%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            4      0.07%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            3      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            2      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 110271.595463      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           6660                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       743831                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36906.081489                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32849.207823                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23272.768200                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          921      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       434770     58.45%     58.57% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       153257     20.60%     79.18% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535       116691     15.69%     94.87% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          173      0.02%     94.89% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          241      0.03%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         4666      0.63%     95.55% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        28210      3.79%     99.34% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         4875      0.66%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            7      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            9      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            7      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       743831                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1665                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         1665    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         1665                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       743831                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   99880.136751                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  16163872.392013                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          449      0.06%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            9      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            8      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       239296     32.17%     32.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        52326      7.03%     39.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          317      0.04%     39.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       280356     37.69%     77.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         5679      0.76%     77.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          119      0.02%     77.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000       116720     15.69%     93.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           88      0.01%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          194      0.03%     93.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          175      0.02%     93.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           89      0.01%     93.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           96      0.01%     93.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          140      0.02%     93.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           65      0.01%     93.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        47705      6.41%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  13931430500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total        743831                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         1665                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 44553039.339339                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 353489800.802324                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          502     30.15%     30.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     30.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     30.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          316     18.98%     49.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     49.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     49.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     49.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          303     18.20%     67.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     67.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     67.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     67.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     67.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     67.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     67.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     67.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     67.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     67.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     67.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          544     32.67%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14006919000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         1665                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        745496                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     99657.063217                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    16145810.563296                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000         1453      0.19%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          641      0.09%      0.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            5      0.00%      0.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          623      0.08%      0.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       239296     32.10%     32.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        52340      7.02%     39.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     39.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       280059     37.57%     77.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         5679      0.76%     77.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          201      0.03%     77.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000       116706     15.65%     93.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           88      0.01%     93.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          252      0.03%     93.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           94      0.01%     93.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          111      0.01%     93.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          166      0.02%     93.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           82      0.01%     93.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           65      0.01%     93.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        47634      6.39%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  13931430500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total          745496                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.448419                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.497373                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3331     55.16%     55.16% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2708     44.84%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000331                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.018197                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6037     99.97%     99.97% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            2      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean   123.160457                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    62.314625                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          512      8.48%      8.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          137      2.27%     10.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          188      3.11%     13.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          323      5.35%     19.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          495      8.20%     27.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          380      6.29%     33.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          402      6.66%     40.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          415      6.87%     47.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          465      7.70%     54.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          464      7.68%     62.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          419      6.94%     69.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          891     14.75%     84.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          948     15.70%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.275708                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.264855                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         5716     94.65%     94.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3          129      2.14%     96.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5           98      1.62%     98.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           48      0.79%     99.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9           23      0.38%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11           12      0.20%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13            3      0.05%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            4      0.07%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            3      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            2      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     44494851                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     44494851                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3287817                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3287817                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      1490992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     29530034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     31021026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     63261534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total     63261534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port      1282776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total      1282776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count::total      95565336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      2981984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     49028647                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     52010631                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port    126523068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total    126523068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       672951                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       672951                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size::total      179206650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  22247425500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  47459802000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3287817000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   2152635300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     17372344                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     28883983                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       322684                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       737464                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1736751000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  13805743100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     11228500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    147495800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq             17695028                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp            29621447                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           641388                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail               73305                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     37851000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          641388                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail               3754                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       771300                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1747979500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  13953238900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    373580500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       745496                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  25161662000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         41.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     47037172                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  16423639800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         27.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     15510513                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  32445347600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         53.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     31630767                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    743449900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       641388                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access              31544573                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access              15497025                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            760254                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles               120792666                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts           30188686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps             30188988                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     25363577                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                302                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3326100                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts            25363577                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads     46581507                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes     18788204                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    127310676                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     18638329                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs             15497025                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts           12247904                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts           3249121                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles         120792666                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.Branches                  4825713                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         14691963     48.67%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead        12247904     40.57%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3249121     10.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total          30188988                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       758616                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       758616    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       758616                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1638                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         1638    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1638                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 50243351.548270                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 25576021.197836                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          449      7.44%      7.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           81      1.34%      8.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          115      1.90%     10.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          115      1.90%     12.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          184      3.05%     15.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          195      3.23%     18.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          331      5.48%     24.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          279      4.62%     28.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          261      4.32%     33.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          228      3.78%     37.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          264      4.37%     41.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          230      3.81%     45.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          294      4.87%     50.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          263      4.36%     54.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          295      4.88%     59.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          241      3.99%     63.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          301      4.98%     68.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          433      7.17%     75.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07         1120     18.55%     94.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          360      5.96%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 50242520.518588      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes           3034464                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 108494.783905                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 484806.285451                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         5717     94.67%     94.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           83      1.37%     96.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           50      0.83%     96.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           97      1.61%     98.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           40      0.66%     99.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            2      0.03%     99.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           28      0.46%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            9      0.15%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            6      0.10%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            4      0.07%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            3      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 108483.407428      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           6552                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       758616                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36313.602666                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32417.125736                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23006.386445                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          508      0.07%      0.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       451162     59.47%     59.54% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       172129     22.69%     82.23% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        96446     12.71%     94.94% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          170      0.02%     94.96% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          215      0.03%     94.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         4612      0.61%     95.60% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        28692      3.78%     99.38% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         4661      0.61%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       758616                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1638                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         1638    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         1638                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       758616                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   97907.697043                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  15992302.484185                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          106      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            3      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            3      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       252743     33.32%     33.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        56252      7.42%     40.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          271      0.04%     40.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       297914     39.27%     80.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         6049      0.80%     80.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          123      0.02%     80.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        96468     12.72%     93.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           88      0.01%     93.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          199      0.03%     93.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          190      0.03%     93.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           83      0.01%     93.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           94      0.01%     93.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          109      0.01%     93.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           51      0.01%     93.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        47870      6.31%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  13919890500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total        758616                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         1638                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 45305414.529915                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 356664238.938308                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          473     28.88%     28.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     28.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     28.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          272     16.61%     45.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     45.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     45.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     45.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          323     19.72%     65.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     65.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     65.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     65.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     65.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     65.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     65.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     65.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     65.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     65.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     65.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          570     34.80%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14022006000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         1638                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        760254                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     97696.750691                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    15975063.631159                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000         1052      0.14%      0.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          604      0.08%      0.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            2      0.00%      0.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          650      0.09%      0.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       252743     33.24%     33.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        56275      7.40%     40.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     40.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       297605     39.15%     80.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         6049      0.80%     80.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          208      0.03%     80.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        96445     12.69%     93.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           88      0.01%     93.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          253      0.03%     93.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000          106      0.01%     93.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          103      0.01%     93.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          152      0.02%     93.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           56      0.01%     93.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           51      0.01%     93.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        47810      6.29%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  13919890500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total          760254                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.454711                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.497986                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3293     54.53%     54.53% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2746     45.47%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean   125.608213                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    63.939724                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          490      8.11%      8.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          153      2.53%     10.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          225      3.73%     14.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          307      5.08%     19.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          464      7.68%     27.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          399      6.61%     33.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          358      5.93%     39.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          385      6.38%     46.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          421      6.97%     53.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          429      7.10%     60.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          392      6.49%     66.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          721     11.94%     78.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::192-207         1294     21.43%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.271237                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.212016                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0           5543     91.79%     91.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1            174      2.88%     94.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2             83      1.37%     96.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3             50      0.83%     96.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4             83      1.37%     98.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5             14      0.23%     98.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6             40      0.66%     99.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              2      0.03%     99.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8             26      0.43%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              2      0.03%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             9      0.15%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             6      0.10%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             4      0.07%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             3      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     44416366                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     44416366                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3280899                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3280899                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave      1520508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     29473542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     30994050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     63089146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total     63089146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port      1311334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total      1311334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count::total      95394530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave      3041016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     49004721                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     52045737                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port    126178292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total    126178292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       687029                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       687029                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size::total      178911058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  22208183000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  47379733800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3280899000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   2144938900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     17341506                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     28797265                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       330272                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       752126                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1736585000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  13751342800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     11134500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    150426700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq             17671778                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp            29549391                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           655667                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail               76054                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     39389000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          655667                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail               3528                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       720600                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1747719500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  13901769500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    380946000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       760254                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  25108136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         41.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     46937011                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  16403101300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         27.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     15497025                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  32361030200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         53.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     31544573                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    760541200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       655667                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access              32931899                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access              16042991                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            719640                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles               120792667                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts           31498188                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps             31498466                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     26383012                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                278                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3508952                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts            26383012                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads     48301713                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes     19483001                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    132451614                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     19533159                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs             16042991                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts           12652072                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts           3390919                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles         120792667                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.Branches                  5115732                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         15455475     49.07%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead        12652072     40.17%     89.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3390919     10.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total          31498466                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       718131                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       718131    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       718131                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1509                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         1509    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1509                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 47566219.572777                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 25736663.686268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          671     11.11%     11.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          231      3.83%     14.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          384      6.36%     21.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          643     10.65%     31.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07          458      7.58%     39.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07          613     10.15%     49.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07          599      9.92%     59.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07          500      8.28%     67.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07          731     12.10%     79.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07         1208     20.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 47561231.904593      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes           2872524                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 99950.322901                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 471343.422124                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         5739     95.03%     95.03% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           77      1.28%     96.31% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           40      0.66%     96.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06          100      1.66%     98.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           33      0.55%     99.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            6      0.10%     99.27% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           24      0.40%     99.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06           11      0.18%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            1      0.02%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            3      0.05%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            1      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            3      0.05%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 99939.842374      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           6036                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       718131                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36305.994310                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32369.204180                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23067.189320                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          578      0.08%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       432919     60.28%     60.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       151147     21.05%     81.41% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        97104     13.52%     94.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          160      0.02%     94.96% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          230      0.03%     94.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         4517      0.63%     95.62% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        27014      3.76%     99.38% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         4443      0.62%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            8      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       718131                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1509                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         1509    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         1509                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       718131                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   103456.285831                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  16476963.442238                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          154      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           15      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           13      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       235186     32.75%     32.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        55951      7.79%     40.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          269      0.04%     40.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       277018     38.57%     79.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         5707      0.79%     79.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           78      0.01%     79.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        97095     13.52%     93.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           77      0.01%     93.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          198      0.03%     93.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          158      0.02%     93.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          110      0.02%     93.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           77      0.01%     93.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          104      0.01%     93.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           74      0.01%     93.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        45847      6.38%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  13952674500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total        718131                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         1509                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 49153731.610338                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 372548423.822150                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          425     28.16%     28.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     28.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     28.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          269     17.83%     45.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     45.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     45.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     45.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          313     20.74%     66.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     66.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     66.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     66.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     66.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     66.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     66.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     66.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     66.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     66.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     66.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          502     33.27%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14043654500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         1509                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        719640                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     103239.350231                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    16459677.359107                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000         1004      0.14%      0.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          623      0.09%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            1      0.00%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          617      0.09%      0.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       235186     32.68%     32.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        55960      7.78%     40.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     40.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       276705     38.45%     79.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         5707      0.79%     80.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          155      0.02%     80.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        97086     13.49%     93.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           77      0.01%     93.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          245      0.03%     93.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           84      0.01%     93.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          129      0.02%     93.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          121      0.02%     93.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           56      0.01%     93.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           74      0.01%     93.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        45806      6.37%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  13952674500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total          719640                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.429707                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.495075                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3444     57.03%     57.03% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         2595     42.97%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000166                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.012868                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6038     99.98%     99.98% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.02%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean   118.915549                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    64.344213                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          618     10.23%     10.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          158      2.62%     12.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          203      3.36%     16.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          352      5.83%     22.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          496      8.21%     30.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          357      5.91%     36.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          390      6.46%     42.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          483      8.00%     50.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          451      7.47%     58.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          385      6.38%     64.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          407      6.74%     71.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          751     12.44%     83.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          987     16.34%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.249876                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.178359                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0           5599     92.71%     92.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1            140      2.32%     95.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2             77      1.28%     96.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3             40      0.66%     96.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4             85      1.41%     98.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5             15      0.25%     98.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6             33      0.55%     99.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              6      0.10%     99.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8             21      0.35%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              3      0.05%     99.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10            11      0.18%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             1      0.02%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             3      0.05%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             1      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             3      0.05%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     46157847                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     46157847                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3422529                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3422529                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      1439280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     30646702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     32085982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     65863798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total     65863798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port      1210972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total      1210972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count::total      99160752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      2878560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     50575802                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     53454362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port    131727596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total    131727596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       636722                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       636722                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size::total      185818680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  23078923500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  49219478200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3422529000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   2252046300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     18032758                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     30090830                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       310061                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       712273                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1801410000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  14432098200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     10897000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    142458100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq             18342819                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp            30803103                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           605486                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail               71213                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     36772500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          605486                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail               3785                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       773000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1812307000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  14574556300                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    360574500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       719640                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  26140878000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         43.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     48860736                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  17002688100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         28.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     16042991                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  33767927600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         55.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     32931899                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    700908800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       605486                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0            6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0            6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0            6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         6039    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0            6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0           6039    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total         6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       172                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8075.747916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       10880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     63.255814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4762.035745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data    64.289667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    57.106209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data    32.130142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst           61                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data    31.223934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst     6.871412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    10.455653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst           24                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data           17                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   545.128963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data  2231.506191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.581303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.026001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.007848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.006971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.003922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.007446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.003812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.000839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.001276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.002075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.066544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.272401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985352                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     71983                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    71983                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           44                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    7015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1685                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1685                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          1004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data           600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data           571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           44                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data           514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data             2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data             2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     7094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1004                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data          600                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          988                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          967                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          571                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           44                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          886                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data          514                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          171                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    7094                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 66                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                     71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                    71                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       869000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       159500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         5680500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       783000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       260500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       196500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1436000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       195500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       326500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       405000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       437500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1241500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1306500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3390500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       405000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3412500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       159500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3414500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       248500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          9071000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       405000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3412500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       159500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3414500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       248500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         9071000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                7058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1685                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1685                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               79                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               107                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data          603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data          603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.007035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.029982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.029070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.006092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.700000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.838710                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.835443                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.791667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.322581                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.458333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.261682                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.004975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.007035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.045151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.048148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.011561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.009909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.004975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.007035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.045151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.048148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.011561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.009909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124142.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 127705.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       159500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 140533.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132104.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        32625                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18642.857143                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 43416.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        32750                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  7557.692308                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21757.575758                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7277.777778                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        39100                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 21833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17184.210526                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       135000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       109375                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124150                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118772.727273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121089.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       135000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124142.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       112400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 126388.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       159500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 131326.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127760.563380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       135000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124142.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       112400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 126388.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       159500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 131326.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127760.563380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   94                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        94                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            66                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       148500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1943000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5207500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1303000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       380000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       324500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       109000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1411500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3582500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       487500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       270500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       108000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       163500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1029500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       372000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       393500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1131500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1185500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3082500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       372000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       792000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3115500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       148500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3128500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       226500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       372000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       792000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3115500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       148500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3128500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       226500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  17834654421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  17886515916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  17741774922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  17911913419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       100500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       100000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       100000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  71375399178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    958106997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    959528995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    959076496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    959352994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        80000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        80000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        81000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       190000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3836496482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  18792761418                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  18846044911                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  18700851418                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  18871266413                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       180500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       180000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       181000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       430000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  75211895660                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.007035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.029982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.029070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.700000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.835443                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.791667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.150000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.322581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.458333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.004975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.007035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.045151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.048148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.011561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.009909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.004975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.007035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.045151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.048148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.011561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.009909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 113142.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 116705.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       148500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 129533.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121104.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54291.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54285.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54083.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54288.461538                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54280.303030                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54100                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54184.210526                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        98375                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113150                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 107772.727273                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110089.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 113142.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       101400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 115388.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       148500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 120326.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116760.563380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 113142.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       101400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 115388.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       148500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 120326.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116760.563380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       7003                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples       594661                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.008147                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000177                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.441371                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         594642    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total        594661                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31895                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.145446                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.582327                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     6.513090                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31875     99.94%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           20      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31895                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     9926676.602086                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    2915932.419432                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         6031     99.87%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            4      0.07%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        9926198.665075      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                    599506                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1124540.486836                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   2407909.124066                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         6027     99.80%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           10      0.17%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       1132999.250137      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  68429                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples          594661                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11361.444924                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11358.117479                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev        534.622114                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       594642    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           17      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total            594661                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples          31875                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11485.072941                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11482.226248                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       258.793865                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31060     97.44%     97.44% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          815      2.56%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total            31875                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples              594661                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           101541.632964                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          49323.375626                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000             501      0.08%      0.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000          547624     92.09%     92.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000           4706      0.79%     92.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             41830      7.03%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             90000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          12577000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                594661                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             31895                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         1892876.501019                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2832312.655611                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             1      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            31      0.10%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            86      0.27%      0.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         8517     26.70%     27.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           23260     72.93%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           52000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value        32571000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               31895                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                626556                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             96369.074751                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            27609.565962                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000              8949      1.43%      1.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000            551017     87.94%     89.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000            19529      3.12%     92.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               47055      7.51%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               47000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value             9996000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                  626556                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.103825                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.305059                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             5412     89.62%     89.62% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              627     10.38%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.005961                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.076985                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            6003     99.40%     99.40% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1              36      0.60%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            98.464481                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            6.407651                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-7                     2      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-15                    1      0.02%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-23                   4      0.07%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-31                   7      0.12%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-39                   4      0.07%      0.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-47                  13      0.22%      0.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-55                   8      0.13%      0.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-63                   1      0.02%      0.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-71                   3      0.05%      0.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-79                  24      0.40%      1.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-87                  17      0.28%      1.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::88-95                 871     14.42%     15.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-103               4655     77.08%     92.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::104-111               429      7.10%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            5.280676                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           3.110988                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0-1                  595      9.85%      9.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2-3                 1311     21.71%     31.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4-5                 1529     25.32%     56.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6-7                 1231     20.38%     77.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8-9                  809     13.40%     90.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10-11                346      5.73%     96.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12-13                145      2.40%     98.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14-15                 52      0.86%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16-17                 12      0.20%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18-19                  7      0.12%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::20-21                  1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::22-23                  1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples       594546                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.009007                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000196                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.515479                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         594525    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           21      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total        594546                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        32010                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.244705                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.588708                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     8.150265                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31978     99.90%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           32      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        32010                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     9933217.420103                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    2676706.180440                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           65      1.08%      1.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07         5965     98.77%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            3      0.05%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            1      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        9932738.797238      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                    599901                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1189650.604405                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   2735772.106132                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         6016     99.62%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           19      0.31%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       1189691.433750      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  71853                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples          594546                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11362.045998                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11358.549487                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev        546.292994                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       594525    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           19      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total            594546                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples          31979                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11485.265330                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11482.412221                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       259.084552                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31193     97.54%     97.54% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          786      2.46%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total            31979                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples              594546                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           101586.852826                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          57421.003810                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000             531      0.09%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000          547382     92.07%     92.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000           4725      0.79%     92.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             41907      7.05%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value             60000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          25095000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                594546                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             32010                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         1885783.536395                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2844736.082930                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             1      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             1      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            26      0.08%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            84      0.26%      0.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         8541     26.68%     27.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           23357     72.97%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           57000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value        33518000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               32010                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                626556                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             96358.523420                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            26746.810016                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000              8991      1.43%      1.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000            550742     87.90%     89.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000            19710      3.15%     92.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               47106      7.52%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               57000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value             8798000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                  626556                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.111939                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.315318                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             5363     88.81%     88.81% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              676     11.19%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.006292                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.079081                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            6001     99.37%     99.37% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1              38      0.63%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            98.445438                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            6.394632                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-7                     2      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-15                    1      0.02%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-23                   4      0.07%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-31                   8      0.13%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-39                   4      0.07%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-47                   4      0.07%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-55                  16      0.26%      0.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-63                   1      0.02%      0.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-71                   1      0.02%      0.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-79                  27      0.45%      1.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-87                  22      0.36%      1.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::88-95                 856     14.17%     15.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-103               4658     77.13%     92.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::104-111               435      7.20%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            5.299884                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           3.154042                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0-1                  620     10.27%     10.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2-3                 1285     21.28%     31.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4-5                 1503     24.89%     56.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6-7                 1248     20.67%     77.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8-9                  790     13.08%     90.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10-11                381      6.31%     96.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12-13                135      2.24%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14-15                 49      0.81%     99.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16-17                 17      0.28%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18-19                  5      0.08%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::20-21                  4      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::22-23                  2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples       594668                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.008576                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000187                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.478805                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         594648    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           20      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total        594668                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31885                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.092457                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.576991                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.504544                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31871     99.96%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           14      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31885                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     9931015.068720                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    3218191.112623                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         6032     99.88%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            3      0.05%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            1      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        9930536.676788      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                    599768                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1100447.093890                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1624145.444671                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         6029     99.83%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            8      0.13%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       1104669.715627      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  66718                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples          594668                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11361.719985                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11358.204414                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev        565.823888                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383          594648    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           17      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total            594668                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples          31871                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11486.991309                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11484.070027                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       262.286212                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31036     97.38%     97.38% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          834      2.62%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total            31871                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples              594668                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           101554.583398                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          55503.975351                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               3      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000             537      0.09%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000          547481     92.06%     92.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000           4705      0.79%     92.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             41942      7.05%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value             46000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          23779000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                594668                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             31885                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         1893145.083895                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2824791.677903                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             1      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             1      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            40      0.13%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            75      0.24%      0.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         8528     26.75%     27.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           23240     72.89%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           49000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value        31929000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               31885                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                626553                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             96368.173163                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            28994.887604                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 4      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000              8967      1.43%      1.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000            550912     87.93%     89.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000            19693      3.14%     92.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               46976      7.50%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               46000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            11898000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                  626553                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.107137                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.309313                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             5392     89.29%     89.29% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              647     10.71%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.006458                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.080109                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            6000     99.35%     99.35% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1              39      0.65%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            98.465640                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            6.398837                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-7                     2      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-15                    1      0.02%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-23                   2      0.03%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-31                   9      0.15%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-39                   6      0.10%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-47                   7      0.12%      0.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-55                  12      0.20%      0.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-63                   1      0.02%      0.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-71                   2      0.03%      0.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-79                  26      0.43%      1.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-87                  19      0.31%      1.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::88-95                 848     14.04%     15.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-103               4680     77.50%     92.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::104-111               424      7.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            5.279185                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           3.119761                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0-1                  607     10.05%     10.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2-3                 1285     21.28%     31.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4-5                 1515     25.09%     56.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6-7                 1328     21.99%     78.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8-9                  715     11.84%     90.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10-11                363      6.01%     96.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12-13                152      2.52%     98.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14-15                 50      0.83%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16-17                 17      0.28%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18-19                  6      0.10%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::20-21                  1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples       594585                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.003860                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000084                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.992091                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         594576    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total        594585                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31973                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.212273                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.587011                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     7.644869                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31945     99.91%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           28      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31973                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     9883159.463487                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1353079.573468                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06           18      0.30%      0.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           46      0.76%      1.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07         5969     98.84%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            1      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            2      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            1      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        9882719.204161      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                    596880                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1166981.288293                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   3019772.976384                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         6023     99.74%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           11      0.18%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            3      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       1171147.261540      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  70733                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples          594585                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11360.282214                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11358.028953                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev        382.679059                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       594576    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            7      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total            594585                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples          31944                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11486.069371                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11483.154846                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       262.014671                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31110     97.39%     97.39% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          833      2.61%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total            31944                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples              594585                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           101568.100440                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          55211.674591                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000             524      0.09%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000          547511     92.08%     92.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000           4677      0.79%     92.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             41872      7.04%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             35000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          23126000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                594585                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             31973                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         1889281.268570                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2839759.673170                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             1      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            23      0.07%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            86      0.27%      0.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         8506     26.60%     26.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           23357     73.05%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           80000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value        33860000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               31973                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                626558                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             96409.255009                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            43830.562032                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000              8982      1.43%      1.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000            550982     87.94%     89.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000            19571      3.12%     92.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               47018      7.50%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               35000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            27706000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                  626558                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.114092                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.317949                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             5350     88.59%     88.59% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              689     11.41%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.004471                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.066721                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            6012     99.55%     99.55% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1              27      0.45%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            98.451565                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            6.375305                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-7                     2      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-15                    1      0.02%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-23                   4      0.07%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-31                   8      0.13%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-39                   4      0.07%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-47                   5      0.08%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-55                  15      0.25%      0.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-63                   1      0.02%      0.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-71                   1      0.02%      0.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-79                  25      0.41%      1.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-87                  22      0.36%      1.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::88-95                 869     14.39%     15.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-103               4633     76.72%     92.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::104-111               449      7.44%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            5.293757                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           3.107622                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0-1                  637     10.55%     10.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2-3                 1225     20.28%     30.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4-5                 1554     25.73%     56.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6-7                 1258     20.83%     77.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8-9                  802     13.28%     90.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10-11                346      5.73%     96.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12-13                149      2.47%     98.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14-15                 46      0.76%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16-17                 15      0.25%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18-19                  6      0.10%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::20-21                  1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::22-23                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::24-25                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples      2378462                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        1.007612                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       1.000166                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       1.393204                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         2378391    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           71      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total        2378462                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       127763                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       2.173814                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.583759                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      7.030111                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         127669     99.93%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           94      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total        127763                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      39674068.554396                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     9549219.432742                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           58      0.96%      0.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         5973     98.91%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            2      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            2      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             6039                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         39672193.343261      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    2396055                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     4581619.473423                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    8372734.299843                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         6031     99.87%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            1      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            2      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            1      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            6039                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        4598507.661053      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                  277733                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples          2378460                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20011.579131                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20009.758516                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev         492.640095                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767      2378388    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           60      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total            2378460                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples          127669                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20040.373936                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20039.535289                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        186.795067                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479       120963     94.75%     94.75% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527         6705      5.25%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total            127669                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples              2378462                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            25388.550248                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           24200.111247                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                375610     15.79%     15.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            297890     12.52%     28.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           258445     10.87%     39.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           237595      9.99%     49.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000           212095      8.92%     58.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           179454      7.54%     65.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000           166077      6.98%     72.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000           138006      5.80%     78.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000           115749      4.87%     83.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            97192      4.09%     87.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            80547      3.39%     90.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            63845      2.68%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            49198      2.07%     95.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            39190      1.65%     97.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            26687      1.12%     98.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            18189      0.76%     99.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            11482      0.48%     99.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000             5967      0.25%     99.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             4974      0.21%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              64      0.00%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                206      0.01%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           12575500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                2378462                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples             127763                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          472721.625197                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         823691.231368                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                1241      0.97%      0.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            1139      0.89%      1.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000           1180      0.92%      2.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           1085      0.85%      3.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           1159      0.91%      4.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           1208      0.95%      5.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000           1109      0.87%      6.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000           1078      0.84%      7.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           1121      0.88%      8.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           1048      0.82%      8.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           1064      0.83%      9.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           1073      0.84%     10.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           1003      0.79%     11.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           1035      0.81%     12.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000           1066      0.83%     13.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000           1063      0.83%     13.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           1106      0.87%     14.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           1040      0.81%     15.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            953      0.75%     16.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         35685     27.93%     44.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            71307     55.81%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         32402000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total               127763                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                2506225                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              24098.527866                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             25526.988963                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                  413892     16.51%     16.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000              328244     13.10%     29.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000             282471     11.27%     40.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000             258049     10.30%     51.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000             227925      9.09%     60.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000             192074      7.66%     67.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000             175114      6.99%     74.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000             143581      5.73%     80.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000             118534      4.73%     85.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000              98058      3.91%     89.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000              79268      3.16%     92.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000              61140      2.44%     94.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000              45586      1.82%     96.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000              34490      1.38%     98.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000              21776      0.87%     98.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000              13545      0.54%     99.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               7401      0.30%     99.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               2906      0.12%     99.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000               1891      0.08%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                84      0.00%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  196      0.01%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             22322500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                  2506225                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.779434                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.792709                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              2541     42.08%     42.08% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              2449     40.55%     82.63% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               898     14.87%     97.50% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3               142      2.35%     99.85% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 9      0.15%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          6039                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.040073                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.197828                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             5799     96.03%     96.03% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1              238      3.94%     99.97% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                2      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         6039                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            393.827289                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            22.633897                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-31                     2      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-63                    1      0.02%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-95                    5      0.08%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-127                   7      0.12%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-159                  4      0.07%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-191                  4      0.07%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-223                 16      0.26%      0.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-255                  1      0.02%      0.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-287                  1      0.02%      0.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-319                 26      0.43%      1.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-351                  4      0.07%      1.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::352-383                 73      1.21%      2.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-415               5890     97.53%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::416-447                  5      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-479                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::480-511                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-543                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::544-575                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-607                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::608-639                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean            21.153502                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            4.157361                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                     3      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                     0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                     0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    11      0.18%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                    44      0.73%      0.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                  28      0.46%      1.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                 153      2.53%      3.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                 388      6.42%     10.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                 269      4.45%     14.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                1117     18.50%     33.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                1306     21.63%     54.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                 733     12.14%     67.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                1194     19.77%     86.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                 489      8.10%     94.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                 200      3.31%     98.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                  89      1.47%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                  14      0.23%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                6039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     6460010                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        24                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    2636753                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 6460034                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                2636753                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                          9096763                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             24                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                      9096787                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    24062373                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                24062373                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         24062373                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     24062373                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       120783064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   21444829                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     22713076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             21979705                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1290016                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       676503                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    21979705                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           34431563                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          18007590                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            87478542                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            8419023                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      9097881                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    6460363                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2637518                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              503822.955125                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              120279241.044875                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.995829                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.004171                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1985573                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 13615883     59.94%     59.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     588      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 6460363     28.44%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2637518     11.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  22714354                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1004                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           24190532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         24094.155378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         48125750                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        48125750                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     24061369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       24061369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     24061369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        24061369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     24061369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       24061369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     15831488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15831488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     15831488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15831488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     15831488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15831488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     24062373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24062373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     24062373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     24062373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     24062373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     24062373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15768.414343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15768.414343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15768.414343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15768.414343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15768.414343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15768.414343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     13811512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13811512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     13811512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13811512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     13811512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13811512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13756.486056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13756.486056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13756.486056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13756.486056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13756.486056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13756.486056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               118                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              605                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          199.561297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           12702615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs         20996.057851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   199.561297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.779536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.779536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16942465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16942465                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      5863680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5863680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      2603552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2603552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          109                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          109                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          574                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          574                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          560                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          560                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data      8467232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8467232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data      8467341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8467341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          401                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          401                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          330                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          330                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          342                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          342                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         1386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         1408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     10620487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10620487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4567000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4567000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1556500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1556500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      9763499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      9763499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     15187487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15187487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     15187487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15187487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      5864665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5864665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      2603953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2603953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          131                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          902                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          902                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data      8468618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8468618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data      8468749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8468749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.167939                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.167939                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.365044                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.365044                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.379157                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.379157                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10782.220305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10782.220305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11389.027431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11389.027431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4716.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4716.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 28548.242690                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28548.242690                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10957.782828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10957.782828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10786.567472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10786.567472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          308                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          342                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      8637513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8637513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3765000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3765000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       281000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       281000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       660500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       660500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      9078501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9078501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     12402513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12402513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     12683513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12683513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  24972025020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24972025020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   1325561000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1325561000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  26297586020                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26297586020                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000154                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.167939                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167939                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.340708                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340708                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.379157                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379157                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8769.048731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8769.048731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9389.027431                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9389.027431                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12772.727273                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12772.727273                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2144.480519                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2144.480519                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 26545.324561                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26545.324561                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8948.422078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8948.422078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9008.176847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9008.176847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2012                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     6478714                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                        30                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    2644905                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 6478744                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                2644905                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          9123619                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                             30                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      9123649                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    24134377                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                24134377                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         24134377                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     24134377                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       120782949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   21508887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     22781624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             22045499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1294069                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       678884                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    22045499                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           34534287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          18060627                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            87740461                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            8444655                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      9124781                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    6479069                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2645712                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              149440.985456                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              120633508.014544                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.998763                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.001237                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1992235                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 13657522     59.95%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     632      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 6479069     28.44%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2645712     11.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  22782943                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              995                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           24241011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         24362.825126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         48269749                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        48269749                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     24133382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       24133382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     24133382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        24133382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     24133382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       24133382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     17234985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17234985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     17234985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17234985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     17234985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17234985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     24134377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24134377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     24134377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     24134377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     24134377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     24134377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17321.592965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17321.592965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17321.592965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17321.592965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17321.592965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17321.592965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15232015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15232015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15232015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15232015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15232015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15232015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15308.557789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15308.557789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15308.557789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15308.557789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15308.557789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15308.557789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               142                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          224.966597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1154235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2024.973684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   224.966597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.878776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.878776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16992687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16992687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      5880542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5880542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      2611548                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2611548                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           83                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           83                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          645                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          645                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          627                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          627                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data      8492090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         8492090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data      8492173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        8492173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          362                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          362                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          375                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          375                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         1433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          1433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         1453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         1453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     10833492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10833492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3253000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3253000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1585500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1585500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     10566000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     10566000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     14086492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14086492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     14086492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14086492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      5881565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5881565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      2611958                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2611958                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1007                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1007                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1002                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1002                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data      8493523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8493523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data      8493626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8493626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.194175                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.194175                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.359484                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.359484                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.374251                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.374251                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10589.923754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10589.923754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7934.146341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7934.146341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4379.834254                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4379.834254                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        28176                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28176                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9830.071179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9830.071179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9694.763937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9694.763937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          372                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              372                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          344                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          375                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          375                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      8779508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8779508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2433000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2433000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       163500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       163500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       738000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       738000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      9816000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9816000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     11212508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11212508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     11376008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11376008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  25045443543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25045443543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   1327673500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1327673500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  26373117043                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26373117043                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.194175                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.194175                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.341609                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341609                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.374251                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374251                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8582.119257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8582.119257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  5934.146341                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5934.146341                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data         8175                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8175                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  2145.348837                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2145.348837                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        26176                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        26176                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7824.499651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7824.499651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7829.324157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7829.324157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2080                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     6431078                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                        29                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2626257                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        4                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 6431107                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                2626261                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                          9057335                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                             33                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                      9057368                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    23959061                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                23959066                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         23959061                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     23959066                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                       120783056                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   21353078                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     22615901                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             21884250                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    1284372                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       674555                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    21884250                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           34284334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          17926747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            87100724                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            8383589                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      9058717                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    6431425                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   2627292                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1052804.242518                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              119730251.757482                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.991284                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.008716                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1978135                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 13558087     59.95%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     616      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 6431425     28.44%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                2627292     11.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  22617428                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           24024448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         24844.310238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         47919089                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        47919089                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     23958094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23958094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     23958094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        23958094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     23958094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       23958094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     16135490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16135490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     16135490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16135490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     16135490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16135490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     23959061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23959061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     23959061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     23959061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     23959061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     23959061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16686.132368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16686.132368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16686.132368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16686.132368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16686.132368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16686.132368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14191510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14191510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14191510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14191510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14191510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14191510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14675.811789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14675.811789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14675.811789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14675.811789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14675.811789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14675.811789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               142                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          241.563367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            8313678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs         12634.768997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   241.563367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.943607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16869752                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16869752                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      5837731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5837731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      2592959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2592959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          657                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          657                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          654                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data      8430690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         8430690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data      8430788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        8430788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           26                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          336                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          336                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          331                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          331                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          1388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         1414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         1414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     12676487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12676487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4013999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4013999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1878500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1878500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      9281500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      9281500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     16690486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     16690486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     16690486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     16690486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      5838736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5838736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      2593342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2593342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          124                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          993                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          993                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data      8432078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8432078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data      8432202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8432202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000148                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.209677                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.209677                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.338369                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.338369                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.336041                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.336041                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12613.419900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12613.419900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10480.415144                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10480.415144                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  5590.773810                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5590.773810                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 28040.785498                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28040.785498                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12024.845821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12024.845821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11803.738331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11803.738331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           26                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          313                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          313                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          331                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     10654513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10654513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3247001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3247001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       569000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       569000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       690500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       690500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      8619500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8619500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     13901514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13901514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     14470514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14470514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  24840975007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24840975007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data   1327096500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1327096500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  26168071507                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26168071507                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.209677                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209677                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.315206                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315206                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.336041                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336041                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10601.505473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10601.505473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8477.809399                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8477.809399                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 21884.615385                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21884.615385                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  2206.070288                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2206.070288                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 26040.785498                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26040.785498                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10015.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10015.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10233.743989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10233.743989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2024                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     6486530                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        34                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    2648276                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 6486564                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                2648281                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                          9134806                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                             39                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                      9134845                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    24163573                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                24163578                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         24163573                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     24163578                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                       120792643                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   21534791                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     22807956                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             22071135                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    1295394                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       679417                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    22071135                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           34574370                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          18081421                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            87842306                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            8455105                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      9135904                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    6486846                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2649058                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                  0.004000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              120792642.996000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1994009                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 13672662     59.94%     59.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     610      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 6486846     28.44%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2649058     11.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  22809182                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              887                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           24173681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         27253.304397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         48328033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        48328033                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     24162686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       24162686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     24162686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        24162686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     24162686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       24162686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     14467490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14467490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     14467490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14467490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     14467490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14467490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     24163573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24163573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     24163573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     24163573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     24163573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     24163573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16310.586246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16310.586246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16310.586246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16310.586246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16310.586246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16310.586246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     12684510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12684510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     12684510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12684510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     12684510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12684510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14300.462232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14300.462232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14300.462232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14300.462232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14300.462232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14300.462232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               113                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              626                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          234.448643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            1184432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1892.063898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   234.448643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.915815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.915815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17013396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17013396                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      5887497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5887497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      2614953                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2614953                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          615                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          615                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          609                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          609                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data      8502450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         8502450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      8502525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        8502525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          398                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          398                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           31                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           31                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          376                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          376                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          374                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          374                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          1443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         1474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         1474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     12185488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12185488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3485000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3485000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1970499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1970499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     10565000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     10565000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     15670488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15670488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     15670488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15670488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      5888542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5888542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      2615351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2615351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          106                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          991                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          991                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          983                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          983                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data      8503893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8503893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data      8503999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8503999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000152                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000152                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.292453                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.292453                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.379415                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.379415                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.380468                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.380468                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 11660.754067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11660.754067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8756.281407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8756.281407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  5240.688830                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5240.688830                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 28248.663102                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28248.663102                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10859.659044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10859.659044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10631.267300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10631.267300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          365                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              365                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           31                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          347                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          374                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          374                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     10085512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10085512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2689000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2689000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       489001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       489001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       791500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       791500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      9817000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9817000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     12774512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12774512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     13263513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13263513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  25081735530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25081735530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data   1327613500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1327613500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  26409349030                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26409349030                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000152                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000152                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.292453                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292453                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.350151                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350151                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.380468                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380468                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9651.207656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9651.207656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  6756.281407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6756.281407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 15774.225806                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15774.225806                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  2280.979827                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2280.979827                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 26248.663102                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26248.663102                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8852.745669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8852.745669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8998.312754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8998.312754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2127                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                         154                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                        162                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                     154                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                    162                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                              316                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                          316                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                         613                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                     613                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                              613                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                          613                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                       125233366                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                        599                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                          822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                  789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                         54                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts           52                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                         789                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads               1401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes               556                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads                3024                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes                183                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                          342                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                        173                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                       169                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              125229878.329290                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles               3487.670710                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.000028                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.999972                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                              110                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                      508     59.76%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                     173     20.35%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                    169     19.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                       850                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                 55                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs            27.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses             1228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses            1228                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total             611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total            611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        57500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        57500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        57500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total        57500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        57500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total        57500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.003263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.003263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.003263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        28750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        28750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        28750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        28750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        28750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        53500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        53500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        53500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        53500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        26750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        26750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        26750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        26750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        26750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        26750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 2                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          176.257441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   176.257441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.688506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.688506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.695312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              625                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses             625                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total             286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total            288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total            15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        85999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        85999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       191000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       191000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       276999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       276999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       276999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       276999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.055172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.044872                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.049834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.049505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10749.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10749.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 27285.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27285.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 18466.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18466.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 18466.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18466.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        69001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        69001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       177000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       177000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       246001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       246001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       246001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       246001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       198002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       198002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       174500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       174500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       372502                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       372502                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.055172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.049834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.049505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8625.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8625.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 25285.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25285.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 16400.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16400.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 16400.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16400.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 8                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                         154                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                        162                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                     154                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                    162                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                              316                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                          316                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                         613                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                     613                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                              613                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                          613                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                       125233258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                        599                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                          822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                  789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                         54                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts           52                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                         789                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads               1401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes               556                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads                3024                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes                183                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                          342                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                        173                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                       169                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              125229576.457785                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles               3681.542215                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000029                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999971                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                              110                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                      508     59.76%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                     173     20.35%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                    169     19.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                       850                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            48.800000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses             1231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses            1231                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total             608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total            608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.008157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.008157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.008157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        34800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        34800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        34800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        34800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        34800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        34800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       164000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       164000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       164000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       164000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       164000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       164000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.008157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.008157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.008157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        32800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        32800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        32800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        32800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst        32800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        32800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 4                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          205.257440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                 79                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            39.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   205.257440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.801787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.801787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.808594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              623                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses             623                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total            289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total            14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        66999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        66999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       194000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       194000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       260999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       260999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       260999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       260999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.055172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.046512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.046205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8374.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8374.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 32333.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32333.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 18642.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18642.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 18642.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18642.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        50001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        50001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       182000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       182000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       232001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       232001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       232001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       232001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       187500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       187500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       126000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       126000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       313500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       313500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.055172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.046512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.046205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  6250.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6250.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 30333.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30333.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 16571.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16571.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 16571.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16571.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 2                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                         154                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                        162                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                     154                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                    162                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                              316                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                          316                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                         613                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                     613                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                              613                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                          613                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                       125232422                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                        599                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                          822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                  789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                         54                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts           52                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                         789                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads               1401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes               556                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads                3024                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes                183                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                          342                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                        173                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                       169                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              125229199.764905                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles               3222.235095                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000026                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999974                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                              110                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                      508     59.76%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                     173     20.35%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                    169     19.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                       850                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses             1226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses            1226                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total             613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total            613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          177.257433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                 21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   21                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   177.257433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.692412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.692412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.699219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              626                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses             626                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total             286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total            288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total            15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        61000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        61000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       164000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       164000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.062069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  6777.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6777.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 27333.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27333.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        15000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        15000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        43000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        43000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       152000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       152000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       188003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       188003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       348003                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       348003                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.062069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  4777.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4777.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 25333.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25333.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        13000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        13000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 7                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        6211                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       5410                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    6212                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   5410                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            11621                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        11622                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       27538                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   27538                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            27538                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        27538                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       120792741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      27107                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        32644                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                30263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         3050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       30263                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              54155                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             20802                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              120336                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              11219                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        12650                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       6436                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      6214                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              120642667.744822                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              150073.255178                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.001242                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.998758                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             5108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    21023     62.23%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      97      0.29%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.04%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    6436     19.05%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   6214     18.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     33784                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              625                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              37741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            60.385600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            55701                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           55701                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        26913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        26913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           26913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        26913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          26913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          625                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          625                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9963991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9963991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9963991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9963991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9963991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9963991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        27538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        27538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        27538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        27538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        27538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15942.385600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15942.385600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15942.385600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15942.385600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15942.385600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15942.385600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      8706009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8706009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      8706009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8706009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      8706009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8706009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13929.614400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13929.614400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13929.614400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13929.614400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13929.614400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13929.614400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                74                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              244                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          229.043496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               9589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            39.299180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   229.043496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.894701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.894701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.871094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            23531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           23531                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         5696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           5696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         5192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          5192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          107                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          107                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data        10888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           10888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data        10965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          10965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4263997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4263997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2642000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2642000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       297000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       297000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       314000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       314000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6905997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      6905997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6905997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      6905997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         5278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           92                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          123                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data        11259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        11351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.016294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.163043                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.163043                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.158730                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.158730                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.130081                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.130081                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 14961.392982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14961.392982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30720.930233                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30720.930233                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        14850                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        14850                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        19625                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        19625                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18614.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18614.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17891.183938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17891.183938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3691003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3691003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2470000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2470000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       266000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       266000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        21000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        21000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       282000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       282000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6161003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6161003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6427003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       313000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       313000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       704000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       704000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.016294                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016294                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.163043                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163043                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047619                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047619                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.130081                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130081                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12950.887719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12950.887719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28720.930233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28720.930233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17733.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17733.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         3500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        17625                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        17625                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16606.477089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16606.477089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16650.266839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16650.266839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                70                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_task 60396333000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -69836256.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       69951772.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -3825698083.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       4544965555.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -47111760.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       47189688.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -2580828072.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       3066048192.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -267187315.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       267462873.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -5016652992.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       6478196275.200002
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -118347816.960000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       118649733.120000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -1851829724.160000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       1853356723.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -713580316323.839966
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       746876155760.640259
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -713580316323.839966
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       746876155760.640259
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -207942375044.160034
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       217610167132.800018
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -303065734164.480225
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       337086389692.800049
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2302851825072.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2410334043360.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2219410281984.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2305530339360.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.060396
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       979633499.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       483170665.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       498037390.483901
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       88013219.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       103650866.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       256.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       7955390.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       19945063.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       25864658.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       49845427.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       10566301.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       13297366.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       85870489.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       123593489.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       137882912.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       189993415.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       72098855.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       76645300.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       256.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       5165972.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       1220.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       88013219.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       103650866.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       256.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       96348771.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       10.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       96348761.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       4485.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       23479924.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       10430350.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       36425219.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       127.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       4368.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       1697.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       10040679
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       69.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       2930426.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       94.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       6440.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       191.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       1189265.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       483.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1741682.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       606.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       506.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       2378434.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       127669.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       1207038.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       1282776.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       1311334.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       1210972.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
