sim_seconds                                  0.119178                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119177891000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4164407816500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                8500707                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  9634776                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1536805923                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1592984                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    77.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   659221860                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     747167970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2363648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        20736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1799680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          4207872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        21504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        20736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        44288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       146688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        146688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           84                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           81                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total             16437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          573                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              573                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       180436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19832940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       173992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15100787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        17184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total            35307488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       180436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       173992                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        17184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         371613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       1230832                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            1230832                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       1230832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       180436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19832940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       173992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15100787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        17184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total           36538321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                     16437                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      573                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                  131496                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   4584                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              4200736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                  7136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                146432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               4207872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             146688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                  223                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            8320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            7920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2            8217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3            9737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4            7624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            7273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6           10624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            7328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::8            9259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::9            7716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::10           7696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::11           6831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::12           8616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::13           7032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::14           8640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::15           8440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::8             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::9             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::10            320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::11            224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::12            216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::13            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::14            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::15            176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                119178054000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5              131496                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               4584                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                 16353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                 16347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                 16351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                 16353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                 16356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                 16358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                 16359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                 16359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                    64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                    62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                   58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                   49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                   48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                   48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples        17207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.639507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.924767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.323483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          197      1.14%      1.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           19      0.11%      1.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.05%      1.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.03%      1.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.05%      1.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           20      0.12%      1.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          187      1.09%      2.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16762     97.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total        17207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean   682.046875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   391.290663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   599.530412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           22     11.46%     11.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           28     14.58%     26.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      4.69%     30.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      1.04%     31.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      4.17%     35.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.60%     38.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      2.08%     40.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      4.69%     45.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      4.69%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      4.17%     54.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            5      2.60%     56.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.65%     60.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.65%     64.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      3.12%     67.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.65%     70.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.65%     74.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            8      4.17%     78.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      1.04%     79.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.08%     81.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      2.08%     83.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.56%     85.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      2.60%     88.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.60%     90.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.56%     92.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.56%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.56%     95.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.52%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.52%     96.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.52%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.52%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.52%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.52%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.52%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3391            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.833333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.807933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.993873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.04%      1.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.52%      1.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.04%      2.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.52%      3.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            186     96.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                 3410389950                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            5635467300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                420073600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   25979.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              42929.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                      35.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       1.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                   35.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    1.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                 114824                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  3818                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                  7006352.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114992647400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT    1595208400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          5179507.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          5448643.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          4699900.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3               5409936                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::4               5101488                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::5          5091811.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::6          4999276.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::7          5153500.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               3494112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1               3675672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2               3170568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               3649560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::4               3441480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::5               3434952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::6               3372528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::7               3476568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0             26277888                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         27476966.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         23062540.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3             27158976                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::4         25537574.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::5         25176652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::6             24560640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::7             25726272                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        5172387.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        5354864.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2             5059584                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        5302195.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::4        4986593.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::5        5162434.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::6        5082808.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::7        5023088.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      1601495164.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      1615088543.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      1602112351.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      1614484379.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::4      1612873094.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::5      1612456182.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::6      1620582321.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::7      1617943504.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       71968653168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       71956729152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       71968111776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       71957259120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::4       71958672528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::5       71959038240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::6       71951910048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::7       71954224800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        78821305969.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        78824807583.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        78817250463.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        78824297908.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::4        78821646500.159988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::5        78821394015.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::6        78821541364.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::7        78822581475.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          64.454879                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          64.457742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          64.451563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          64.457326                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::4          64.455158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::5          64.454951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::6          64.455072                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::7          64.455922                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2370560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        31744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1804032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          4242944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        31744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        57600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       157440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        157440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total             16574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        68738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       208361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19890938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        19332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       266358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15137304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         8592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total            35601771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       208361                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       266358                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         483311                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       1321050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            1321050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       1321050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        68738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       208361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19890938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        19332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       266358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15137304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         8592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total           36922822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                     16574                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      615                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                  132592                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   4920                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              4236384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                  6560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                157440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               4242944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             157440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                  205                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        53590                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            7272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            8416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2            8622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            8264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            8337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5            8064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            8009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            8760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::8            9544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::9            7760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::10           6976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::11           8384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::12           8113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::13           7369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::14           9224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::15           9273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::8             273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::9             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::10            352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::11            344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::12            168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::13            232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::14            336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::15            320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                119203751000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5              132592                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               4920                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                 16485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                 16482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                 16485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                 16490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                 16492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                 16498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                 16501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                 16506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                    69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                    66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                   63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                   58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                   49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                   46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                   41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples        17411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.359083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.400158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.239014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          211      1.21%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           20      0.11%      1.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           16      0.09%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           17      0.10%      1.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           21      0.12%      1.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          203      1.17%      2.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16921     97.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total        17411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean   641.878641                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   386.286933                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   579.829714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           16      7.77%      7.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           28     13.59%     21.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      6.31%     27.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.97%     28.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           10      4.85%     33.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.40%     36.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      4.85%     41.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           15      7.28%     49.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           12      5.83%     54.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      4.37%     59.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      4.37%     63.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      4.37%     67.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      3.88%     71.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.40%     75.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      2.91%     78.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.43%     80.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            3      1.46%     82.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      1.94%     83.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      2.91%     86.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.46%     88.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.46%     89.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.49%     90.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.49%     90.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.49%     91.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.46%     92.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.49%     93.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            6      2.91%     96.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.49%     96.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.49%     97.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.49%     97.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.49%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.49%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.49%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::3392-3455            1      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.883495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.867579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.793891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.49%      0.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      0.97%      1.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      0.97%      2.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            201     97.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                 3461453350                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            5705413000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                423638400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   26146.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              43096.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                      35.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       1.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                   35.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    1.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    31.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                 115790                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  4106                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                  6934885.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114967999800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT    1618715500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0               5028912                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          5413564.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          5149267.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          5136566.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::4          5067619.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::5          4846867.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::6               5198256                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::7          5399654.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0               3392520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               3652008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               3473712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               3465144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::4               3418632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::5               3269712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::6               3506760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::7               3642624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         25283980.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         26815526.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         25612454.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3             25883520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::4             25434240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::5         23616652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::6         26047257.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::7         27125030.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        5086126.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        5689958.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        5215518.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        5006499.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::4        4940559.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::5        5182341.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::6        4989911.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::7        5112668.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      1602621521.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      1611819789.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      1611503343.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      1608022877.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::4      1611731306.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::5      1613314794.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::6      1618014366.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::7      1620395945.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       71967665136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       71959596480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       71959874064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       71962927104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::4       71959674096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::5       71958285072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::6       71954162640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::7       71952073536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        78820111938.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        78824021068.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        78821862101.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        78821475454.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::4        78821300195.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::5        78819549181.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::6        78822952933.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::7        78824783200.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          64.453903                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          64.457099                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          64.455334                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          64.455018                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::4          64.454874                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::5          64.453442                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::6          64.456226                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::7          64.457722                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2376960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1751808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          4194816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        30208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        65792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       151552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        151552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         6843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total             16386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          592                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              592                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       253470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19944639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       285691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     14699102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total            35197938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       253470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       285691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         552049                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       1271645                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            1271645                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       1271645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       253470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19944639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       285691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     14699102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total           36469583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                     16386                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      592                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                  131088                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   4736                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              4187744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                  7072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                152064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               4194816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             151552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                  221                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            9417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            7248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2            8072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3            8280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4            8049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            8456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6           10290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            7928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::8            7954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::9            6248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::10           7864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::11           7664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::12           7442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::13           8609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::14           9210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::15           8136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::8             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::9             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::10            408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::11            288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::12            392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::13            185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::14            304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::15            240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                119176891000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5              131088                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               4736                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                 16301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                 16294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                 16297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                 16300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                 16302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                 16309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                 16314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                 16318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                    67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                    63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                   60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                   57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                   48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                   43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                   39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples        17193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.417147                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.446814                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.169047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          211      1.23%      1.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           20      0.12%      1.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.06%      1.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.06%      1.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           20      0.12%      1.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          200      1.16%      2.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16720     97.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total        17193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean   656.537688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   375.075623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   619.194204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           22     11.06%     11.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           25     12.56%     23.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      5.03%     28.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      4.02%     32.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           11      5.53%     38.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           11      5.53%     43.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      4.52%     48.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      3.02%     51.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      1.51%     52.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      4.52%     57.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.52%     60.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      2.51%     63.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      3.02%     66.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           10      5.03%     71.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      1.51%     72.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            8      4.02%     76.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            3      1.51%     78.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      3.02%     81.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.51%     83.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      2.01%     85.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.51%     87.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.51%     88.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      1.01%     89.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.01%     90.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      2.01%     92.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.01%     93.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.50%     94.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.50%     94.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.50%     95.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.01%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.01%     97.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.50%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.50%     98.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.50%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3903            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.879397                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.853747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.977281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.51%      1.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            196     98.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                 3415460550                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            5633656200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                418774400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   26098.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              43048.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                      35.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       1.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                   35.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    1.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    30.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                 114461                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  3965                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                  7019489.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114978189300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT    1608503500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          5109350.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1               5204304                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2               5292000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          5516380.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::4          4746470.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::5          4773081.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::6               5301072                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::7          5342803.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               3446784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               3510840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               3570000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               3721368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::4               3201984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::5          3219936.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::6               3576120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::7               3604272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         25643404.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1             26130624                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         26129625.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3             27972672                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::4         23143910.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::5         23439436.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::6         26616844.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::7         26883916.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        5172802.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        5235425.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        5517434.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        5295144.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::4        5109350.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::5        4837294.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::6        5106862.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::7        5003182.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      1604778310.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1        1609628472                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      1615010676.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      1615353880.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::4      1608844334.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::5      1614101011.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::6      1618152096.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::7      1620031728.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       71965773216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       71961518688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       71956797456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       71956496400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::4       71962206528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::5       71957595408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::6       71954041824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::7       71952393024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        78820957609.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        78822262095.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        78823350935.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        78825389588.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::4        78818286319.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::5        78818999909.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::6        78823828561.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::7        78824292669.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          64.454594                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          64.455661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          64.456551                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          64.458218                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::4          64.452410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::5          64.452993                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::6          64.456942                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::7          64.457321                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        20224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2500608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        44544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1865728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          4436992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        44544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        66560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       148224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        148224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           79                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total             17332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        17184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       169696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     20982147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        17184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       373761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15654984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total            37229993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       169696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       373761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         558493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       1243721                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            1243721                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       1243721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        17184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       169696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     20982147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        17184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       373761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15654984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total           38473713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                     17332                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      579                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                  138656                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   4632                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              4431488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                  5504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                147968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               4436992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             148224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                  172                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           30                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            9856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            7472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2            8584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            8273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4            8952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5            8777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            9216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            7824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::8            9136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::9            8984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::10           7792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::11           7784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::12           7032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::13          10361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::14          10192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::15           8249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::8             200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::9             343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::10            400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::11            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::12            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::13            232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::14            240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::15            400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                119177855000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5              138656                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               4632                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                 17226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                 17226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                 17230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                 17233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                 17235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                 17243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                 17250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                 17255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                    88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                    84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                   77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                   67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                   60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples        18126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.645702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.952343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.265499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          206      1.14%      1.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           19      0.10%      1.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           13      0.07%      1.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           13      0.07%      1.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           19      0.10%      1.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          202      1.11%      2.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17654     97.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total        18126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean   713.471503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   372.886839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   681.329957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           57     29.53%     29.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           14      7.25%     36.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            8      4.15%     40.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            7      3.63%     44.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           15      7.77%     52.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           16      8.29%     60.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           13      6.74%     67.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           10      5.18%     72.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      2.59%     75.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           12      6.22%     81.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            9      4.66%     86.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            5      2.59%     88.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      1.04%     89.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            6      3.11%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      1.04%     93.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            3      1.55%     95.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            3      1.55%     96.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            3      1.55%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.52%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4479            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.958549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.935021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.999136                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.04%      1.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            190     98.45%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                 3609131300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            5956435100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                443148800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   26061.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              43011.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                      37.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       1.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                   37.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    1.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                 121124                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  3858                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                  6653891.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114896251550                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT    1691405250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          5363971.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          5394211.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          5363366.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          5369414.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::4          5247849.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::5          4650307.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::6          5451667.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::7          5584723.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0               3618552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               3638952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2               3618144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3               3622224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::4          3540216.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::5               3137112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::6               3677712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::7               3767472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         27283276.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         26980262.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         27143500.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         27126028.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::4         25991846.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::5         22842393.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::6         27305241.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::7         28120435.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        5252014.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        5517434.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        5198929.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        5179438.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::4        5315051.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::5             4821120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::6        5202247.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::7        5205565.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      1606832115.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      1615827153.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      1613660679.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      1611282712.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::4      1616174516.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::5      1606782758.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::6        1626160752                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::7      1626908610.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       71963971632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       71956081248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       71957981664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3       71960067600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::4       71955776544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::5       71964014928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::6       71947016688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::7       71946360672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0         78823355304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        78824473004.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        78824000026.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        78823681159.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::4        78823079765.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::5        78817282361.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::6        78825848050.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::7        78826981220.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          64.456555                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          64.457469                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          64.457082                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          64.456821                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::4          64.456330                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::5          64.451589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::6          64.458593                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::7          64.459520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        23808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2525696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        23296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1924608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          4498688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        23808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        48128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       157184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        157184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           93                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total             17573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          614                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              614                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       199769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     21192656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       195472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     16149036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         8592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total            37747673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       199769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       195472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         403833                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       1318902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            1318902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       1318902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       199769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     21192656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       195472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     16149036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         8592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           39066575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                     17573                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      614                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                  140584                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   4912                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              4490944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                  7744                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                157696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               4498688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             157184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                  242                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            8040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            8760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2            8256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3            8593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4            8897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5            9401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            7968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7            9288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::8            7376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::9            8208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::10           8824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::11           8504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::12          10049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::13           9330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::14           9416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::15           9432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::8             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::9             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::10            312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::11            288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::12            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::13            407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::14            424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::15            296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                119183113000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5              140584                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               4912                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                 17450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                 17449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                 17453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                 17458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                 17460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                 17463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                 17469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                 17473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                    98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                    93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                   84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                   79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                   73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                   69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples        18403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.602293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.809806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.518627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          217      1.18%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           19      0.10%      1.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.05%      1.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.05%      1.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           19      0.10%      1.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          211      1.15%      2.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17919     97.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total        18403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean   684.009756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   398.114274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   585.809939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           17      8.29%      8.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           31     15.12%     23.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      6.34%     29.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      2.93%     32.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      2.93%     35.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      2.93%     38.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      1.95%     40.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           10      4.88%     45.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      2.93%     48.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            6      2.93%     51.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           13      6.34%     57.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      3.90%     61.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      4.39%     65.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      2.93%     68.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      2.93%     71.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      2.93%     74.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.41%     78.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      1.95%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.46%     81.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      0.98%     82.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.46%     83.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            7      3.41%     87.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.44%     89.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      1.95%     91.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.46%     93.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.98%     94.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.98%     95.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.49%     95.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      0.98%     96.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.49%     97.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.49%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.49%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            2      0.98%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            2      0.98%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.039024                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.033703                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.558744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            204     99.51%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                 3662206100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            6041003000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                449094400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   26094.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              43044.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                      37.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       1.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                   37.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    1.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    30.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                 122750                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  4117                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                  6553203.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114909396850                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT    1677077450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          5199465.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          5175273.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          5441385.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3               5428080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::4          4779129.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::5          5050684.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::6          5647017.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::7          5723827.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0          3507576.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1          3491256.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2          3670776.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               3661800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::4          3224016.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::5               3407208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::6          3809496.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::7               3861312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0             26030784                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         26131622.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2             27802944                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         27065126.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::4         23595187.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::5         25236057.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::6         28440921.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::7         28916659.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0             5391360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        5082808.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        5159531.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        5461032.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::4             4893696                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::5        4920238.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::6        5344911.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::7        5331640.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      1602429837.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      1610255125.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      1607743477.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      1617588097.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::4      1611761348.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::5      1612462913.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::6      1623439198.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::7      1625377380.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       71967833280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       71960968992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       71963172192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       71954536560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::4       71959647744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::5       71959032336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::6       71949404016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::7       71947703856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        78821426044.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        78822138819.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        78824024048.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        78824774439.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::4        78818934863.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::5        78821143179.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::6        78827119302.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::7        78827948417.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          64.454977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          64.455560                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          64.457102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          64.457715                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::4          64.452940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::5          64.454746                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::6          64.459633                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::7          64.460311                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2405376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        21760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1863936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          4320768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        27648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        21760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        51200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       143360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        143360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           85                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total             16878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       231989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     20183072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       182584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15639948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total            36254778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       231989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       182584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         429610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       1202908                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            1202908                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       1202908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       231989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     20183072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       182584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15639948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           37457686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                     16878                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      560                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                  135024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   4480                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              4314048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                  6720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                143616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               4320768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             143360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                  210                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           20                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            8160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            8471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2            6880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            7800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4            7424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5            8113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6            9280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7            8240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::8            9657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::9            9097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::10           9514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::11           8705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::12           7152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::13          10464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::14           7337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::15           8520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::8             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::9             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::10            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::11            296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::12            240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::13            344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::14            320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::15            232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                119180153000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5              135024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               4480                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                 16794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                 16789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                 16794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                 16794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                 16797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                 16806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                 16811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                 16812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                    64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                    62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                   57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                   57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                   54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                   45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                   40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                   38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples        17638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.730695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   249.096973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.015238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          197      1.12%      1.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           22      0.12%      1.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.04%      1.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.04%      1.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           22      0.12%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          191      1.08%      2.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17192     97.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total        17638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean   718.235294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   370.011133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   678.001815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           22     11.76%     11.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           31     16.58%     28.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      5.35%     33.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      4.28%     37.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.67%     40.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      1.60%     42.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      2.14%     44.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      2.14%     46.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            4      2.14%     48.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      5.35%     54.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            2      1.07%     55.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.21%     58.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      4.28%     62.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      3.21%     65.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      3.21%     68.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.74%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            3      1.60%     74.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      2.14%     76.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.60%     78.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.67%     80.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.60%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.07%     83.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      1.07%     84.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.07%     85.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.07%     86.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.53%     87.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.07%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            5      2.67%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            5      2.67%     93.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.07%     94.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      1.07%     95.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.53%     96.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            2      1.07%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.53%     97.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            2      1.07%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.53%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            187    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                 3495981700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            5781079000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                431404800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   25931.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              42881.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                      36.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       1.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                   36.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    1.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    31.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                 117917                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  3747                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                  6834508.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114968921650                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT    1620944650                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          5538153.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          4759171.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          5279299.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          5433523.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::4          5333731.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::5          5250268.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::6          5500051.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::7               4944240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0          3736056.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               3210552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               3561432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3               3665472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::4               3598152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::5               3541848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::6               3710352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::7               3335400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         27741542.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         23610662.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         26393203.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         27349670.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::4             27121536                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::5         26327308.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::6         27994137.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::7         24188236.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        5676687.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        4946780.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        5378503.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        5281873.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::4        4966686.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::5        5109350.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::6        5082808.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::7        5009817.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      1612018696.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      1605034344.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      1613824237.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      1616696873.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::4      1613505110.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::5      1613797424.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::6      1616947107.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::7      1621069329.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       71959422000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       71965548624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       71957838192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       71955318336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::4       71958118128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::5       71957861712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::6       71955098832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::7       71951482848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        78825166877.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        78818143876.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        78823308609.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        78824779490.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::4        78823677086.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::5        78822921654.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::6        78825367031.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::7        78821063614.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          64.458036                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          64.452293                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          64.456517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          64.457719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::4          64.456818                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::5          64.456200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::6          64.458200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::7          64.454681                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2464512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1834240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          4343808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        41984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       145152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        145152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total             16968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          567                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              567                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        12888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       150363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     20679272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        12888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       189028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15390774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total            36448103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       150363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       189028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         352280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       1217944                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            1217944                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       1217944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        12888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       150363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     20679272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        12888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       189028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15390774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total           37666047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                     16968                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      567                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                  135744                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   4536                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              4337312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                  6496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                145408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               4343808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             145152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                  203                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            7193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            7944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2           10904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3            8496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4            8880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            8784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            7960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            8320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::8            8792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::9            7809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::10           8409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::11           9337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::12           7840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::13           8096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::14           8656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::15           8121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::8             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::9             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::10            456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::11            288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::12            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::13            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::14            272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::15            305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                119178996000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5              135744                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               4536                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                 16861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                 16859                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                 16864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                 16871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                 16873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                 16880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                 16883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                 16887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                    86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                    83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                   78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                   69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                   62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                   59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples        17738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.718458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   249.053303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.079152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          203      1.14%      1.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           14      0.08%      1.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.06%      1.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.06%      1.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           15      0.08%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          196      1.10%      2.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17288     97.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total        17738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean   709.261780                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   391.960028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   635.314083                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           20     10.47%     10.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           28     14.66%     25.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           11      5.76%     30.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      2.62%     33.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      1.57%     35.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           11      5.76%     40.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      2.09%     42.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            5      2.62%     45.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      3.14%     48.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            6      3.14%     51.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           14      7.33%     59.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            3      1.57%     60.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      3.14%     63.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            3      1.57%     65.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           11      5.76%     71.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      2.09%     73.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      1.05%     74.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.57%     75.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.57%     77.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.62%     80.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            8      4.19%     84.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      2.62%     86.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.52%     87.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.52%     87.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.52%     88.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.52%     89.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            4      2.09%     91.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.05%     92.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.52%     92.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            4      2.09%     94.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.52%     95.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            3      1.57%     96.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.52%     97.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.52%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.52%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            2      1.05%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.790576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.748851                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.251574                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16              4      2.09%      2.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.52%      2.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.52%      3.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            185     96.86%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                 3528722950                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            5826142900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                433731200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   26034.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              42984.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                      36.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       1.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                   36.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    1.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                 118553                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  3794                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                  6796635.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114956657600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT    1632253200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0               4811184                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          5870188.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          5015606.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          5071852.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::4          5097859.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::5          5217004.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::6               4935168                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::7          5437756.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0               3245640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1               3960048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               3383544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               3421488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::4               3439032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::5               3519408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::6               3329280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::7               3668328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         24010521.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         30320908.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         25264012.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3             25371840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::4             25601472                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::5             25831104                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::6         24372940.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::7         27157478.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        5003182.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        5401313.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        4933509.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3             5059584                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::4        4986593.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::5        5205565.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::6        4953415.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::7        5259064.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      1597435597.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      1609878378.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      1607344896.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      1609271588.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::4      1611138908.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::5      1620399173.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::6      1616419607.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::7      1621903700.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       71972214192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       71961299472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       71963521824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       71961831744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::4       71960193744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::5       71952070704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::6       71955561552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::7       71950750944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        78817754059.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        78827764051.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        78820497135.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        78821061839.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::4        78821491350.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::5        78823276702.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::6        78820605705.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::7        78825211013.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          64.451975                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          64.460160                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          64.454218                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          64.454679                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::4          64.455031                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::5          64.456491                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::6          64.454306                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::7          64.458072                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        38144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2531840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1957376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          4559872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        38144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        30208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        69888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       163328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        163328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total             17812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       320059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     21244209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       253470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     16423986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total            38261056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       320059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       253470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         586417                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       1370456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            1370456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       1370456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       320059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     21244209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       253470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     16423986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           39631512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                     17812                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      638                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                  142496                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   5104                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              4552544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                  7328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                162816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               4559872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             163328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                  229                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            8216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            9640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2            8001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3            8816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4           10368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            7240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6           10049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            7968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::8            8176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::9            7641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::10           8760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::11          10145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::12          10058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::13          10891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::14           7809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::15           8489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::8             297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::9             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::10            320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::11            408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::12            256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::13            448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::14            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::15            256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                119214698000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5              142496                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               5104                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                 17712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                 17711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                 17714                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                 17719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                 17723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                 17726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                 17730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                 17734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                    81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                    71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                   68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                   63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                   59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                   48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples        18668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.590529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.712286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.692190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          229      1.23%      1.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.08%      1.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.03%      1.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.04%      1.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           13      0.07%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          219      1.17%      2.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18179     97.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total        18668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean   660.483568                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   385.713762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   547.434157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           26     12.21%     12.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           22     10.33%     22.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           15      7.04%     29.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      2.82%     32.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      2.82%     35.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      0.94%     36.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      4.69%     40.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      2.82%     43.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      2.82%     46.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           11      5.16%     51.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      4.23%     55.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      4.23%     60.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           11      5.16%     65.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            9      4.23%     69.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.29%     72.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            8      3.76%     76.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            8      3.76%     80.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      1.88%     82.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            9      4.23%     86.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            6      2.82%     89.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.94%     90.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      0.94%     91.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.35%     93.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.41%     94.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.47%     95.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.47%     95.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.47%     96.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.47%     96.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      0.94%     97.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.47%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      0.94%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.887324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.857032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.127059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.94%      0.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.94%      1.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.94%      2.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            206     96.71%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                 3703683300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            6115108950                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                455254400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   26033.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              42983.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                      38.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       1.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                   38.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    1.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                 124440                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  4247                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                  6461501.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114875923050                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT    1711675250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          5572627.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1               5473440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          5139590.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          5311958.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::4          4721068.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::5          5579884.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::6               5866560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::7          5116003.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               3759312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               3692400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               3467184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               3583464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::4               3184848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::5               3764208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::6               3957600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::7               3451272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         28503321.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         27502924.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         25625932.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         26557939.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::4         23508326.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::5             28184832                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::6         29728358.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::7         25522099.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        5374771.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        5490892.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        5258649.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3             5308416                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::4        4801213.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::5        5175705.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::6        5447761.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::7        4970004.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      1607745392.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      1612018805.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      1610416111.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      1612888634.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::4      1600236057.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::5      1623533207.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::6      1628984194.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::7      1618558283.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       71963170512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       71959421904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       71960827776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       71958658896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::4       71969757648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::5       71949321552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::6       71944539984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::7       71953685520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        78825159678.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        78824634109.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        78821768986.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        78823343050.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::4        78817242904.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::5        78826593131.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::6        78829558200.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::7        78822336924.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          64.458030                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          64.457601                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          64.455258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          64.456545                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::4          64.451557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::5          64.459203                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::6          64.461627                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::7          64.455722                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2314496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        23296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1759744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          4124416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        25856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        49920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       150272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        150272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         6874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total             16111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          587                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              587                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       216953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19420515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       195472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     14765692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total            34607224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       216953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       195472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         418870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       1260905                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            1260905                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       1260905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       216953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19420515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       195472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     14765692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           35868129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                     16111                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      587                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                  128888                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   4696                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              4117248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                  7168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                150272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               4124416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             150272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                  224                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        67968                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            7504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            7072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2            7032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3            7024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4            7032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5            7426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            7480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7            9616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::8            8193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::9            8432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::10           9769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::11           7696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::12           6929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::13           9242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::14           8144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::15          10073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::8             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::9             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::10            312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::11            304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::12            336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::13            192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::14            272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::15            232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                119185007000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5              128888                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               4696                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                 16022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                 16014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                 16018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                 16024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                 16026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                 16031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                 16038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                 16042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                    68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                    68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                   64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                   58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                   51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                   44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                   40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples        16911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.351724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.351706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.327443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          209      1.24%      1.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           16      0.09%      1.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127           16      0.09%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.02%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           15      0.09%      1.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           17      0.10%      1.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          198      1.17%      2.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16437     97.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total        16911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean   649.137056                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   336.149610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   633.469783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           30     15.23%     15.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           30     15.23%     30.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6      3.05%     33.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      4.06%     37.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      3.05%     40.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.55%     44.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            6      3.05%     47.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            7      3.55%     50.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            4      2.03%     52.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      5.08%     57.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            8      4.06%     61.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           10      5.08%     67.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           10      5.08%     72.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      3.05%     75.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      1.52%     76.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.52%     78.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            7      3.55%     81.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      2.03%     83.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.51%     84.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      3.05%     87.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      1.02%     88.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.52%     89.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.51%     90.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      2.03%     92.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.52%     93.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.51%     94.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.02%     95.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.51%     95.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            3      1.52%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            2      1.02%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.51%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3263            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.837563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.808157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.056568                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.52%      1.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.02%      2.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            192     97.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                 3348066500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            5528921300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                411724800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   26021.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              42971.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                      34.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       1.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                   34.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    1.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                 112532                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  3917                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                  7137681.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114989527600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT    1598894700                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          4930934.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          5138380.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2               4929120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          5383929.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::4          5029516.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::5          5175878.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::6          5253897.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::7          5157734.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               3326424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               3466368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               3325200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3          3632016.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::4               3392928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::5               3491664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::6          3544296.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::7               3479424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         24185241.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         25472678.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         24172761.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         27070617.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::4         25263513.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::5         25807641.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::6         26151590.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::7         26052748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        5332055.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        5378088.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        5268602.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        5245793.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::4        4943462.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::5        5099397.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::6        5125939.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::7        4863836.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      1607238521.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      1609530249.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      1612050379.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      1613792007.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::4      1608808492.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::5      1615556125.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::6      1623694849.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::7      1614053021.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       71963615136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       71961604848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       71959394208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       71957866464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::4       71962237968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::5       71956318992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::6       71949179760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::7       71957637504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        78819662054.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        78821624355.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        78820174013.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        78824024569.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::4        78820709623.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::5        78822483440.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::6        78823984075.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::7        78822278011.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          64.453535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          64.455139                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          64.453953                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          64.457102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::4          64.454391                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::5          64.455842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::6          64.457069                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::7          64.455674                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2415872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1803008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          4273920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        55040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       140544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        140544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total             16695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       176140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     20271142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       270654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15128712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total            35861685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       176140                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       270654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         461831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       1179279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            1179279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       1179279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       176140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     20271142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       270654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15128712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total           37040964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                     16695                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      549                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                  133560                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   4392                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              4264992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                  8928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                140320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               4273920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             140544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                  279                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            9032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            7000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2            7784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3           10352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4            9128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5            7112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6            7352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7            8248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::8            7851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::9            7936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::10          11184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::11           7748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::12           8296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::13           8664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::14           8658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::15           6936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::8             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::9             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::10            249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::11            312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::12            256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::13            272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::14            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::15            216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                119178322000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5              133560                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               4392                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                 16583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                 16577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                 16586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                 16589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                 16597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                 16604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                 16607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                 16610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                    85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                    82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                   73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                   70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                   62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                   49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples        17424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.830119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   249.262951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    24.714936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          194      1.11%      1.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.09%      1.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.04%      1.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.05%      1.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.08%      1.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          183      1.05%      2.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17001     97.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total        17424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          183                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean   727.349727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   390.484971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   639.894615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           19     10.38%     10.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           36     19.67%     30.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      1.64%     31.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.19%     33.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      1.64%     35.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.73%     38.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            6      3.28%     41.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            5      2.73%     44.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      4.37%     48.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      1.09%     49.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            4      2.19%     51.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.28%     55.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           12      6.56%     61.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            8      4.37%     66.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      2.19%     68.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      2.19%     70.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.55%     71.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      3.28%     74.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            8      4.37%     78.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      1.09%     79.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            5      2.73%     82.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.64%     84.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.64%     85.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      2.73%     88.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.55%     89.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            6      3.28%     92.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.09%     93.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.55%     93.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.55%     94.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.09%     95.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.09%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.55%     97.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.55%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            2      1.09%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.55%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          183                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          183                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.961749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.952226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.596382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.55%      0.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            181     98.91%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          183                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                 3459829850                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            5718942800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                426499200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   25958.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              42908.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                      35.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       1.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                   35.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    1.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    30.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                 116586                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  3656                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                  6911292.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114971031950                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT    1617091850                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          4988995.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          5659113.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          5112374.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          5152291.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::4          5118422.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::5          5497027.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::6          5273251.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::7               5095440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               3365592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1          3817656.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               3448824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               3475752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::4               3452904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::5               3708312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::6               3557352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::7               3437400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         25091289.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         28742937.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2             25414272                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         25485657.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::4             25326912                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::5             28114944                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::6         26216486.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::7         25144204.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0             5059584                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        5504578.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        5202247.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        5252014.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::4        5265285.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::5        5063316.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::6        5135892.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::7        5172387.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      1599402124.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      1614166565.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      1610534033.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      1616825903.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::4      1614357483.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::5      1610597563.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::6      1620327873.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::7      1617960412.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       71970489168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       71957537904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2       71960724336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3       71955205152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::4       71957370432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::5       71960668608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::6       71952133248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::7       71954209968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        78819430495.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        78826462497.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        78821469829.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3         78822430512                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::4        78821925181.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::5        78824683512.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::6        78823677845.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::7        78822053555.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          64.453345                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          64.459096                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          64.455013                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          64.455799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::4          64.455385                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::5          64.457641                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::6          64.456819                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::7          64.455490                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2368256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1834752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          4246528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        29952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       146944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        146944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total             16588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        64441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        81626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19871605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        47257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       154660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15395070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total            35631844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        81626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       154660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         251322                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       1232980                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            1232980                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       1232980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        64441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        81626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19871605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        47257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       154660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15395070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           36864824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                     16588                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      574                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                  132704                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   4592                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              4237440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                  9088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                146944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               4246528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             146944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                  284                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            8104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            9138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2            7945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            8224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4            8688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5            7553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6            7968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            7904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::8            9849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::9            8304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::10           8002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::11           8056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::12           8848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::13           8003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::14           8394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::15           7440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::8             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::9             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::10            288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::11            232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::12            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::13            336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::14            384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::15            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                119186491000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5              132704                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               4592                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                 16507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                 16500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                 16503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                 16505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                 16507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                 16512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                 16519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                 16520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                    56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                   48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                   46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                   44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                   39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                   32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                   31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples        17360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.556682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.750822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.645166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          203      1.17%      1.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           21      0.12%      1.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.06%      1.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.06%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           21      0.12%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          191      1.10%      2.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16902     97.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total        17360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean   684.104167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   370.063480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   602.713072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           23     11.98%     11.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           30     15.62%     27.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      4.69%     32.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      3.12%     35.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.60%     38.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.04%     39.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      2.08%     41.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            2      1.04%     42.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      4.69%     46.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      5.21%     52.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            4      2.08%     54.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           10      5.21%     59.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      4.17%     63.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      3.12%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.65%     70.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.65%     73.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.08%     76.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.60%     78.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      3.12%     81.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.60%     84.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.04%     85.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.56%     86.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            8      4.17%     91.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.52%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.52%     92.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.04%     93.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            4      2.08%     95.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.04%     96.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.04%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.04%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.52%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.916667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.904927                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.681339                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.52%      0.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.52%      1.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.52%      1.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.52%      2.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            188     97.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                 3457300700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            5701819700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                423744000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   26108.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              43058.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                      35.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       1.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                   35.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    1.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    30.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                 115820                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  3832                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                  6944790.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114962243750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT    1626439550                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          5300467.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          5124470.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2               4938192                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          5150476.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::4          5314377.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::5               4995648                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::6          5046451.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::7          5114188.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               3575712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               3456984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               3331320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               3474528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::4          3585096.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::5               3370080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::6               3404352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::7               3450048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0             27116544                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         25716787.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         24628531.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3             25963392                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::4             26594880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::5             24787776                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::6         25018406.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::7         25282483.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0             5142528                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        5188976.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        5076587.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        5069537.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::4        5115985.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::5        5013135.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::6             4976640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::7        5036359.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      1600736088.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      1608218173.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      1604215350.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      1608210676.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::4      1619699195.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::5      1614040381.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::6      1618594289.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::7        1619229096                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       71969319024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       71962755792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       71966267040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3       71962762368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::4       71952684720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::5       71957648592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::6       71953653936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::7       71953097088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        78822224106.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        78821494925.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        78819490763.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        78821664720.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::4        78824027997.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::5        78820889354.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::6        78821727816.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::7        78822243005.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          64.455630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          64.455034                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          64.453395                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          64.455172                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::4          64.457105                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::5          64.454538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::6          64.455224                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::7          64.455645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            8                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            8                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2534400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1910016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          4501504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        25600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        45568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       152832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        152832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total             17584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        45109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       214805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     21265689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        42961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       158956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     16026597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         8592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         8592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total            37771301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       214805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       158956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         382353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       1282386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            1282386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       1282386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        45109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       214805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     21265689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        42961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       158956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     16026597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         8592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         8592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total           39053687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                     17584                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      597                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                  140672                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   4776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              4489952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                 11552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                152576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               4501504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             152832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                  361                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0            9120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1           10354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2            9057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3            7400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4            8225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5            7376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            9864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7            9673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::8            9897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::9            9298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::10           9176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::11           8704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::12           6873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::13           7792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::14           9787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::15           7715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::8             369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::9             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::10            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::11            304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::12            352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::13            152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::14            432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::15            311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                119181299000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5              140672                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               4776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                 17455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                 17445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                 17448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                 17452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                 17457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                 17466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                 17471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                 17471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                    95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                    93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                   90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                   85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                   66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                   66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples        18395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.379886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.472431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.139514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          217      1.18%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           25      0.14%      1.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           20      0.11%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           19      0.10%      1.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           25      0.14%      1.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          205      1.11%      2.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17884     97.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total        18395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean   702.547739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   390.250238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   650.952314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           49     24.62%     24.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           17      8.54%     33.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            9      4.52%     37.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           15      7.54%     45.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           14      7.04%     52.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           15      7.54%     59.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            9      4.52%     64.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           16      8.04%     72.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           16      8.04%     80.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           10      5.03%     85.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            5      2.51%     87.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      1.01%     88.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            7      3.52%     92.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            3      1.51%     93.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            4      2.01%     95.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            2      1.01%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      1.01%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.50%     98.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            2      1.01%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4735            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.959799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.954853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.447656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.50%      0.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.50%      1.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            197     98.99%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                 3658998050                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            6037269500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                448995200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   26077.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              43027.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                      37.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       1.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                   37.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    1.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    30.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                 122703                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  3981                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                  6555266.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114887711600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT    1698762700                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          5697820.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          5508518.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2               5074272                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          5985100.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::4          5520009.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::5               5679072                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::6          4933353.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::7          5608310.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0               3843768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               3716064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               3423120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               4037568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::4          3723816.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::5               3831120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::6          3328056.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::7               3783384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         29009011.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1             28062528                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2             25024896                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         30522585.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::4         27872332.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::5         28279180.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::6         24079411.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::7         27851366.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0             5557248                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        5261967.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        5301780.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        5656780.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::4        5275653.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::5        5563883.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::6        5188976.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::7        5504163.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      1612790412.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      1610959864.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      1613003492.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      1622118421.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::4      1617798769.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::5      1625835879.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::6      1613636930.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::7      1628786764.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0       71958745056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       71960350800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       71958558144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3       71950562592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::4       71954351760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::5       71947301664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::6       71958002496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::7       71944713168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        78826677058.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        78824893484.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        78821419446.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        78829916790.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::4        78825576083.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::5        78827524541.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::6        78820202966.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::7        78827280899.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          64.459271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          64.457813                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          64.454972                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          64.461920                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::4          64.458371                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::5          64.459964                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::6          64.453977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::7          64.459765                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2340352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1804800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          4193792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        25344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        22016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        48128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       151808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        151808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           99                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total             16382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          593                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              593                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker         2148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       212657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19637468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker         2148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       184732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15143748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total            35189346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       212657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       184732                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         403833                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       1273793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            1273793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       1273793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.itb.walker         2148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       212657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19637468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker         2148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       184732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15143748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           36463139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                     16382                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      593                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                  131056                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   4744                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              4186592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                  7200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                151808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               4193792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             151808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                  225                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        50879                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            8344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            7488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2            8408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            9217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4            8032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            7617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6            8481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            8024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::8            8512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::9            8088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::10           7520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::11           7720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::12           7448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::13           9170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::14           8593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::15           8169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::8             319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::9             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::10            328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::11            328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::12            288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::13            208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::14            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::15            192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                119216093000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5              131056                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               4744                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                 16293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                 16291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                 16292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                 16296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                 16296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                 16298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                 16305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                 16311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                    67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                    62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                   61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                   57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                   57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                   48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                   42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples        17189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.393973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.439357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.173518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          209      1.22%      1.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           20      0.12%      1.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           13      0.08%      1.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           13      0.08%      1.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           20      0.12%      1.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          202      1.18%      2.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16710     97.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total        17189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean   651.868687                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   400.600871                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   558.183651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           13      6.57%      6.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           29     14.65%     21.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      6.57%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      3.03%     30.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      4.04%     34.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            8      4.04%     38.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      5.05%     43.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           10      5.05%     48.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.54%     52.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            5      2.53%     55.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      3.03%     58.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           12      6.06%     64.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      4.55%     68.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      3.03%     71.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      4.04%     75.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      2.02%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.53%     80.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.53%     82.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      3.03%     85.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.53%     88.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.01%     89.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.51%     89.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      1.01%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.51%     91.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      2.02%     93.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.51%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.51%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.51%     94.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.51%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.01%     96.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.51%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            3      1.52%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.51%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.959596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.950903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.568535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.51%      0.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            197     99.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                 3391724350                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            5609309800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                418659200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   25924.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              42874.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                      35.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       1.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                   35.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    1.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                 114431                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  3955                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                  7023039.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114973673150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT    1614585150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          5018025.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          5348246.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          5071852.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          5278089.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::4          4992019.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::5          4776710.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::6               5201280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::7          4995043.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0          3385176.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1               3607944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               3421488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3          3560616.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::4               3367632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::5               3222384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::6               3508800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::7               3369672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         25001932.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         27078604.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2             24900096                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         26171059.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::4         25027891.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::5         23439436.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::6         25896499.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::7         24735859.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        5165752.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        5255746.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        5381406.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        5354864.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::4        4940144.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::5        4996546.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::6        5089443.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::7             4976640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      1607532312.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      1606824947.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      1613118623.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      1617591545.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::4      1606533563.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::5      1608608983.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::6      1618457927.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::7      1615294782.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       71963357424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       71963977920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       71958457152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       71954533536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::4       71964233520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::5       71962412976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::6       71953773552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::7       71956548240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        78820494365.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        78823127151.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        78821384360.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        78823523452.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::4        78820128512.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::5        78818490779.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::6        78822961244.159988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::7        78820953979.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          64.454215                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          64.456368                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          64.454943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          64.456692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::4          64.453916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::5          64.452577                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::6          64.456233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::7          64.454591                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2505984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1897216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          4465920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        27136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        62720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       152832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        152832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total             17445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       227693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     21027256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       285691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15919194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total            37472722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       227693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       285691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         526272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       1282386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            1282386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       1282386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       227693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     21027256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       285691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15919194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total           38755108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                     17445                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      597                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                  139560                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   4776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              4458336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                  7584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                152832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               4465920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             152832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                  237                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            8376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            8968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2           13609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            9120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4            7337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            6736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            9978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            8113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::8            8337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::9            7176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::10           8315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::11           8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::12           7760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::13           8168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::14           9689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::15           8681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::8             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::9             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::10            368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::11            256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::12            312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::13            264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::14            328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::15            240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                119177632000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5              139560                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               4776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                 17349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                 17341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                 17349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                 17356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                 17359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                 17364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                 17368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                 17370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                    76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                    73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                   58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                   50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                   46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                   44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples        18262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.500712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.670964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.780713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          214      1.17%      1.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           21      0.11%      1.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127           16      0.09%      1.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191           16      0.09%      1.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           20      0.11%      1.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          205      1.12%      2.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17770     97.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total        18262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean   696.859296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   399.153140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   618.211595                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           21     10.55%     10.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           29     14.57%     25.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      3.52%     28.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.52%     32.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      1.51%     33.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            4      2.01%     35.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            6      3.02%     38.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      4.52%     43.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      3.02%     46.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      5.03%     51.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.52%     54.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.52%     58.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.52%     61.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           11      5.53%     67.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      2.01%     69.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023           11      5.53%     74.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.52%     78.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            8      4.02%     82.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.51%     84.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      2.01%     86.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.01%     87.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.51%     89.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      1.01%     90.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.01%     92.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.01%     93.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.51%     94.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.50%     95.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.01%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.50%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.50%     97.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.50%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.50%     98.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            2      1.01%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3903            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            199    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                 3624052800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            5985577650                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                445833600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   26011.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              42961.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                      37.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       1.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                   37.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    1.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                 121851                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  3986                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                  6605566.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114900267900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT    1687165900                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          5383324.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          6582038.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          4782153.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          5454691.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::4          4926700.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::5          5439571.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::6               5074272                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::7               5482512                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               3631608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               4440264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2          3226056.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               3679752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::4               3323568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::5               3669552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::6               3423120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::7               3698520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0             27071616                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         34575091.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         23357068.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         27535372.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::4         24485260.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::5         27189427.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::6         25488652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::7             27480960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        5507481.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        5686640.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        5179023.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        5265285.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::4        4953415.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::5        5265699.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::6        4867153.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::7        5195612.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      1607110148.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      1621497787.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      1606986371.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      1617507057.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::4      1608365753.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::5      1622270707.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::6      1611133162.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::7      1624866788.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       71963727744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       71951107008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       71963836320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       71954607648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::4       71962626336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::5       71950429008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::6       71960198784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::7       71948151744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        78823465664.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        78834922571.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        78818400735.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        78825083548.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::4        78819714776.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::5        78825297707.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::6        78821218887.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::7        78825909878.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          64.456645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          64.466014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          64.452503                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          64.457968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::4          64.453578                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::5          64.458143                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::6          64.454808                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::7          64.458644                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        26368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2374656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1810432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          4238848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        26368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        25600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        53504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       143104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        143104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total             16558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          559                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              559                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       221249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19925306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       214805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15191006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total            35567402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       221249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       214805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         448942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       1200760                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            1200760                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       1200760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       221249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19925306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       214805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15191006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total           36768162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                     16558                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      559                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                  132464                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   4472                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              4232448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                  6400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                143104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               4238848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             143104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                  200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            8304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1            6784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2            8393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            8696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4            6585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5            8448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6           11408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            8568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::8            8545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::9            7880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::10           7120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::11           8521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::12           7641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::13           9241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::14           8888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::15           7242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::8             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::9             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::10            424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::11            232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::12            224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::13            272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::14            247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::15            320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                119180599000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5              132464                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               4472                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                 16462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                 16458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                 16463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                 16467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                 16469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                 16472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                 16478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                 16483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                    78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                    74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                   69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                   63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                   60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                   54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                   49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples        17312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.746765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   249.134206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    24.942290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          194      1.12%      1.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.09%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.06%      1.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      1.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.06%      1.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           15      0.09%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          186      1.07%      2.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16878     97.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total        17312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean   705.882353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   410.928738                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   639.727233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           15      8.02%      8.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           24     12.83%     20.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           14      7.49%     28.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      4.28%     32.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      3.21%     35.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            8      4.28%     40.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      2.67%     42.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      3.21%     45.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           13      6.95%     52.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            5      2.67%     55.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            2      1.07%     56.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            4      2.14%     58.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.74%     62.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            3      1.60%     64.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      2.67%     66.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.74%     70.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.74%     74.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.67%     77.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            8      4.28%     81.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      3.74%     85.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            6      3.21%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.14%     90.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.53%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.60%     92.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.53%     93.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.53%     93.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.07%     94.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            3      1.60%     96.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.53%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.53%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.53%     97.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.53%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            2      1.07%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::3648-3711            1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.914439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.900081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.742819                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.53%      0.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.53%      1.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.53%      1.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            184     98.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                 3438650100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            5680524900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                423244800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   25998.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              42948.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                      35.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       1.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                   35.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    1.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    30.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                 115695                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  3729                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                  6962703.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114994284800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT    1595413500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          5135356.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1               5337360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2               4998672                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          5685724.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::4               5053104                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::5               5146848                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::6          5253897.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::7               5010768                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               3464328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1               3600600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               3372120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               3835608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::4               3408840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::5               3472080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::6          3544296.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::7               3380280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         25518604.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         26810534.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         24819724.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         29102361.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::4         25036377.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::5         25430246.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::6         26116147.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::7         24919564.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        5404631.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        5334958.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        5175705.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        5255746.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::4        5129256.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::5        5235425.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::6        5188976.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::7        4933509.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      1610035424.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      1610816333.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      1607324595.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      1620473155.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::4      1613934224.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::5      1621456364.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::6      1620091647.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::7      1614952618.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       71961161712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       71960476704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       71963539632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       71952005808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::4       71957741712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::5       71951143344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::6       71952340464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::7       71956848384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        78821753799.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        78823410232.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        78820264192.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        78827392146.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::4        78821337257.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::5        78822918049.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::6        78823569170.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::7        78821078866.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          64.455245                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          64.456600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          64.454027                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          64.459856                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::4          64.454905                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::5          64.456197                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::6          64.456730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::7          64.454693                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        28672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2381056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1811712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          4251904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        28672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        59136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       137216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        137216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total             16609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       240582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19979008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       244878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     15201746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total            35676953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       240582                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       244878                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         496199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       1151354                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            1151354                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       1151354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       240582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19979008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       244878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     15201746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total           36828307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                     16609                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      536                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                  132872                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   4288                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              4246464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                  5440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                136704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               4251904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             137216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                  170                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            7176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            6840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            8120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3            9001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4            7568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5            8648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            9040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7            7248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::8            9992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::9            8448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::10           8251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::11           9816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::12           9528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::13           6952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::14           7601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::15           8473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::8             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::9             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::10            216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::11            168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::12            249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::13            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::14            304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::15            312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                119179039000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5              132872                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               4288                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                 16523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                 16526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                 16531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                 16531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                 16533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                 16535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                 16538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                 16544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                    68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                    62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                   57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                   54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                   49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                   43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples        17331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.909122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   249.459334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    24.340037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          186      1.07%      1.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           13      0.08%      1.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.06%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159            1      0.01%      1.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.05%      1.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           13      0.08%      1.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          182      1.05%      2.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16916     97.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total        17331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean   743.719101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   423.267441                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   620.004948                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           18     10.11%     10.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           23     12.92%     23.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      6.74%     29.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.25%     32.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      3.37%     35.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.81%     38.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      2.81%     41.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      4.49%     45.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            2      1.12%     46.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      1.69%     48.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            5      2.81%     51.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.37%     54.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      3.37%     57.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.81%     60.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      2.25%     62.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      1.69%     64.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087           10      5.62%     70.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      3.37%     73.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.81%     76.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.81%     79.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      2.25%     81.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      2.25%     83.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.25%     85.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.25%     88.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.69%     89.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      2.25%     92.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            3      1.69%     93.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.56%     94.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.12%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            3      1.69%     97.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.56%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.56%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.56%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            178    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                 3443102900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            5692401800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                424646400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   25946.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              42896.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                      35.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       1.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                   35.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    1.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    30.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                 116084                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  3559                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                  6951241.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 115004386250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF    2590198200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT    1584567550                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          4852915.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          5398444.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2               4865616                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3               4959360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::4          5550249.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::5          5278089.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::6          4970246.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::7          5129913.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0               3273792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1               3641808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               3282360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               3345600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::4          3744216.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::5          3560616.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::6               3352944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::7          3460656.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         24073420.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         26981260.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         24339993.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         24733363.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::4         27903283.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::5         26468083.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::6             24867648                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::7             25436736                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        5096079.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        5457715.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        4923555.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        5003182.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::4        5404631.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::5        5122621.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::6        4860933.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::7        5082808.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::4      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::5      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::6      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::7      5211033742.080001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      1604935520.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      1612613940.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      1603393565.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      1608767452.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::4      1618917027.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::5      1618505642.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::6      1612575855.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::7      1617689275.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       71965635312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       71958899856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       71966987904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       71962273968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::4       71953370832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::5       71953731696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::6       71958933264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::7       71954447808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        78818900782.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        78824026767.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        78818826737.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        78820116668.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::4        78825923981.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::5        78823700491.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::6        78820594632.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::7        78822280939.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          64.452912                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          64.457104                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          64.452852                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          64.453907                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::4          64.458655                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::5          64.456837                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::6          64.454297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::7          64.455676                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              269185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             269185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 29                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                29                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              9330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           181473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          39286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          172500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              809                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave       942457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       942637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 942637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     71491073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     71491433                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                71491433                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    134592500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4440591500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        29000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        14500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    153945000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     90770931                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     19658469                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     86250000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       405500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     13348500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          582                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         6217                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           50                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           21                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           38                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          474                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            9                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      1660000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     46374000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        36997                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        63500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      3336500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         7499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        62500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                           704                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                         6700                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             1767996                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime           49773000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                            48261                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            500023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  500023    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              500023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               59000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  90                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           375162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              451763                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         4540204500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             442523                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq             269123                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp            269123                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback             9330                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          148733                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         23767                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         172500                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              809                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             809                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         9085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        35290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        33737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        42081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         8862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         9151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       223527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        35117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        33623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        42452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         8985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       223562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         9037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        35099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        33886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        41984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       223578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        35437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        33869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        42228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       223529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                894196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1182464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1112320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1166336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1111296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1085184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1086208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1081344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1154304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1122560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1108480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1083904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1059584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1099008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1155584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1191424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1075968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total     17875968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1159680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1116672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1148160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1090816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1124608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1100800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1093632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1152000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1107968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1100800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1071872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1083136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1103360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1167616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1145856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1109504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total     17876481                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1155584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1088256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1114624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1099008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1100032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1102592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1070592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1175552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1129216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1075456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1093376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1054208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1157376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1197568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1161728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1098496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total     17873664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1156608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1097216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1156096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1080832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1079296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1064960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1100800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1136896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1129216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1115648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1096448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1077760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1104384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1202432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1156864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1109504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total     17864960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               71491073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    376725000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2661981750                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     87701600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    208225400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     33273800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    241328700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1129800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      7985500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          118                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        68200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         2800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                          128                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime              73200                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           30223000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              18181                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           28534600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded              17245                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           29743800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded              17941                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           28432000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded              17118                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           28291200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded              17146                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           28400800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded              17012                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           28504000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded              16978                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           30039400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded              18047                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy           29079000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded              17535                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy          104007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded              70779                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          99736000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded             67854                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy         123227600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded             84666                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          28920400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded             17458                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          30933000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded             18453                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          30365800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded             18187                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          28618000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded             17162                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         727692087                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            110586                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         728099490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            110621                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         728153329                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            110638                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         727352544                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            110588                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.iocache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq       269123                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp       269123                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback         9330                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       148733                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        23767                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       172500                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq          809                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp          809                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       223527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       223562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       223578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       223529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total       894196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     17875968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     17876481                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     17873664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     17864960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     71491073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    215298400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1076492000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     37320000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    118986400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     19013600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    138000000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       647200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      3236000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         1376                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          133                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      3720200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       228600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp         7400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                  1512                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime      3956200                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy     97888800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       112941                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy     97773700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       112941                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy     97721600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       112940                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy     97882400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       112941                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   1217728800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       442433                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2540667                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2540667                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                29                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               29                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           135897                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          180536                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         39376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         219912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            42435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           42435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1210037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           45                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1341396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1016361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           47                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1018909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4608979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1362432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    121578664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1794432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1381888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     91867828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1362768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30733                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              219438313                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1270836991                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  23707180049                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        29000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        14500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   4416816172                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     90483069                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     19705465                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     85828496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     21374685                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    123793498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        42915                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        22267                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         1782                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1069                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          357                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           28                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          636                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp          261                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    665555985                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     51510479                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     26183998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     18103500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      6429000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       366500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     10334000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      4266000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        46795                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                       22556                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          726606483                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          56142979                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1133008                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2938851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               2938851    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2938851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5819246382                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            2938942                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         173076776                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              5322                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       18194576759                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            15.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            657044                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             24000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         892924726                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded            892788                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         175566237                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              5398                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       14445303301                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            12.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            563849                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             25000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                25                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy         678346740                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded            678217                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          7540000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              232                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          3977499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              144                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        11917                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0        11917    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        11917                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        11917                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0        11917    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        11917                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        11917                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        11917    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        11917                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        11917                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        11917    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        11917                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples        11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0            11917    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total        11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0           11917    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total        11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                    270049                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8188.568564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2906981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    270049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.764643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      337.135902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     2.300567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.111095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    34.489696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  4276.972851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     2.516014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.022322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    39.290777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  3287.122782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst     0.309854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data     0.186903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst     0.020931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data     0.038443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     3.639937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    20.586986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   183.823505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.041154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.004210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.522091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.004796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.401260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.000038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.002513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.022439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          861                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996948                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  14721112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 14721112                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       448492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         3567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       244049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       340602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         3453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       184247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           54                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1224649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           135897                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                135897                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           59                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  108                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1014                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          934                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1955                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       448492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          3567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data        245063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       340602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          3453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data        185181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            61                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1226604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       448492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         3567                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       245063                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       340602                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         3453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       185181                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          143                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           61                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1226604                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       151147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       114680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           89                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                269835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        69110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        78572                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             147688                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         8837                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        14929                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            23767                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1212                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          638                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1854                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       152359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       115318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 271689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          116                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1755                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       152359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           90                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1945                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       115318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           89                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                271689                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     14342499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    217707000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  19005550456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     11059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    239744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  14436779478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1523500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33938298933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5104999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3076500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      8246999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3136500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2554000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      5755500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    103572500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     63965500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       496500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     168034500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     14342499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    217707000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  19109122956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     11059000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    239744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  14500744978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      34106333433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     14342499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    217707000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  19109122956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     11059000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    239744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  14500744978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     34106333433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       448608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         5322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       395196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       340692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         5398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       298927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           65                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1494484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       135897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            135897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        69157                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        78631                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           147796                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         8878                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        14978                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          23857                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1572                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3809                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       448608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         5322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       397422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       340692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       300499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           76                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1498293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       448608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         5322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       397422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       340692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         5398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       300499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           76                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1498293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.047619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.329763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.382461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.045455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.360319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.383639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.383621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.169231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.180554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999320                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999250                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.999269                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.995382                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.996729                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.996228                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.544474                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.405852                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.363636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.486742                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.047619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.329763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.383368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.045455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.360319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.383755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.383621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.197368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.181332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.047619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.329763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.383368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.045455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.360319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.383755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.383621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.197368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.181332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 123642.232759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 124049.572650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125742.161313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 122877.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 123261.696658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125887.508528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127471.910112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       138500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125774.265507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    73.867733                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    39.155170                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10916.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    55.840684                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   354.928143                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   171.076428                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   242.163504                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 85455.858086                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 100259.404389                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90633.495146                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 123642.232759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 124049.572650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125421.687961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 122877.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 123261.696658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125745.720339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127471.910112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 134666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125534.465632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 123642.232759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 124049.572650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125421.687961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 122877.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 123261.696658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125745.720339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127471.910112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 134666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125534.465632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9330                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9330                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          216                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          255                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           92                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                712                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       151042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       114588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           269123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        69110                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        78572                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        147688                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         8837                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        14929                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        23767                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1212                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          638                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       152254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       115226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            270977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       152254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           65                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       115226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           89                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           270977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10985999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    176862500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17332148956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      7425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    194387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  13166195478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10366000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1402500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30899999433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3763126323                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4278708815                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       326000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8042161138                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    480842497                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    812529999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1293426496                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     90240500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     56947500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       452500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147640500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10985999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    176862500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17422389456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      7425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    194387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  13223142978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1855000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31047639933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     10985999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    176862500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17422389456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      7425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    194387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  13223142978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31047639933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       622500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1278500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       260000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       280000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        50500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       590500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       876000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       902500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1869000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.047619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.289177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.382195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.045455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.313079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.383331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.383621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.169231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.180078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999320                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999250                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999269                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.995382                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.996729                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996228                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.544474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.405852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.363636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.047619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.289177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.383104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.045455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.313079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.383449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.383621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.197368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.180857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.047619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.289177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.383104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.045455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.313079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.383449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.383621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.197368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.180857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 113257.721649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 114920.402859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114750.526052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 114230.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115021.893491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114900.299141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116471.910112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       127500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114817.386225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54451.256302                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54455.897966                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54453.720939                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54412.413376                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54426.284346                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54421.108933                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 74455.858086                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 89259.404389                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113125                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79633.495146                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 113257.721649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 114920.402859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114429.765103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 114230.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115021.893491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114758.326923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116471.910112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 123666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114576.661241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 113257.721649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 114920.402859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114429.765103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 114230.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115021.893491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114758.326923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116471.910112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 123666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114576.661241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                        704                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.l2.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss              22                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67473                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67473    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         67473                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2355                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2355    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2355                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples         11917                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     144914861.122766                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    54036428.646367                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           80      0.67%      0.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          381      3.20%      3.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08         1124      9.43%     13.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         4427     37.15%     50.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         2261     18.97%     69.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08         1660     13.93%     83.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         1531     12.85%     96.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          257      2.16%     98.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08          101      0.85%     99.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08           41      0.34%     99.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           10      0.08%     99.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           14      0.12%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           14      0.12%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            2      0.02%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            2      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            4      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            6      0.05%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total           11917                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        144935338.719830      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                  17273088                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples        11917                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    5052546.781908                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   13790324.358835                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        10061     84.43%     84.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1545     12.96%     97.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          196      1.64%     99.03% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           71      0.60%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           25      0.21%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           13      0.11%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            5      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total          11917                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       5058656.391226      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 602880                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           67473                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       95984.207016                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      95611.764676                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      10195.415014                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           90      0.13%      0.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            2      0.00%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           23      0.03%      0.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        65488     97.06%     97.23% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          441      0.65%     97.88% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          360      0.53%     98.42% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          308      0.46%     98.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          293      0.43%     99.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          301      0.45%     99.75% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            5      0.01%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            5      0.01%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          148      0.22%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            3      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            6      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             67473                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               67473                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           1766313.310509                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          1494861.040744                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             67473    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            150000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          16552000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 67473                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2355                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         50606375.796178                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        67509853.449817                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2355    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          167000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       741010000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2355                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 69828                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             1706743.111646                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            1454089.998670                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               69828    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              150000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            16552000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   69828                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples        11917                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.057984                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.233724                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0            11226     94.20%     94.20% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              691      5.80%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total        11917                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples        11917                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0           11917    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total        11917                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples             11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             5.660737                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            2.115127                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                    78      0.65%      0.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                  1524     12.79%     13.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                  4403     36.95%     50.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                  3939     33.05%     83.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                  1524     12.79%     96.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                 349      2.93%     99.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                  44      0.37%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                  28      0.23%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                  13      0.11%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                   2      0.02%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                   2      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                   9      0.08%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                   2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total               11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples            11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.197365                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.538685                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                  10061     84.43%     84.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1545     12.96%     97.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    196      1.64%     99.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     71      0.60%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     25      0.21%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                     13      0.11%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      5      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total              11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67511                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67511    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         67511                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2320                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.890086                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.388849                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.294149                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2319     99.96%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2320                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples         11917                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     144994344.214148                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    54382386.480198                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           71      0.60%      0.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          387      3.25%      3.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08         1128      9.47%     13.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         4409     37.00%     50.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         2258     18.95%     69.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08         1654     13.88%     83.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         1575     13.22%     96.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          234      1.96%     98.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08           93      0.78%     99.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08           54      0.45%     99.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           11      0.09%     99.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            8      0.07%     99.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           19      0.16%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            2      0.02%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            5      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            3      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            3      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total           11917                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        145016964.597905      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                  17282816                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples        11917                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    4979508.265503                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   13884371.673356                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        10092     84.69%     84.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1513     12.70%     97.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          214      1.80%     99.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           53      0.44%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           22      0.18%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           15      0.13%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            3      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            3      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total          11917                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       4981335.002815      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 593665                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           67511                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       95922.627424                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      95572.897770                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev       9868.541979                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           80      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           39      0.06%      0.18% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        65600     97.17%     97.35% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          427      0.63%     97.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          343      0.51%     98.49% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          271      0.40%     98.89% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          314      0.47%     99.35% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          290      0.43%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            4      0.01%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          135      0.20%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            5      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             67511                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               67511                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           1765312.630534                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          1493131.195148                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             67511    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            146000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          15784000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 67511                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              2320                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         51370316.379310                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        69582039.946559                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2320    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          178000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       707348000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                2320                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 69831                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             1706668.714468                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            1450165.557379                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               69831    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              146000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            15784000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   69831                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples        11917                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.053033                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.224110                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0            11285     94.70%     94.70% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              632      5.30%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total        11917                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples        11917                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0           11917    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total        11917                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples             11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             5.663842                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            2.123680                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                    68      0.57%      0.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                  1511     12.68%     13.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                  4421     37.10%     50.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                  3915     32.85%     83.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                  1565     13.13%     96.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                 325      2.73%     99.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                  55      0.46%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                  23      0.19%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                  18      0.15%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                   3      0.03%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                   3      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                   5      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                   5      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total               11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples            11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.194512                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.542358                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                  10092     84.69%     84.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1513     12.70%     97.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    214      1.80%     99.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     53      0.44%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     22      0.18%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     15      0.13%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      3      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      3      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total              11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67516                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67516    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         67516                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2303                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2303    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2303                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples         11917                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     145009381.555761                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    54111537.327066                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           59      0.50%      0.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          389      3.26%      3.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08         1096      9.20%     12.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         4479     37.58%     50.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         2262     18.98%     69.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08         1620     13.59%     83.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         1572     13.19%     96.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          229      1.92%     98.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08          102      0.86%     99.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08           56      0.47%     99.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           13      0.11%     99.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            5      0.04%     99.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           19      0.16%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            3      0.03%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            5      0.04%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            4      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            3      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total           11917                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        145027704.845020      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                  17284096                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples        11917                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    4940840.815642                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   13738978.776801                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        10125     84.96%     84.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1466     12.30%     97.26% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.26% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          211      1.77%     99.03% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           70      0.59%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           30      0.25%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           10      0.08%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            3      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total          11917                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       4946957.821229      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 589568                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           67516                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       95944.296167                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      95584.876519                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      10064.620708                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           80      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           34      0.05%      0.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        65596     97.16%     97.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          426      0.63%     97.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          353      0.52%     98.48% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          306      0.45%     98.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          268      0.40%     99.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          286      0.42%     99.75% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            3      0.00%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          160      0.24%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             67516                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               67516                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           1765193.494875                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          1486505.999514                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             67516    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            150000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          16655000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 67516                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2303                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         51729366.044290                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        71276901.636940                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2303    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          164000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       666523000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2303                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 69819                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             1706951.073490                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            1447833.519349                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               69819    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              130000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            16655000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   69819                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples        11917                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.052950                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.223942                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0            11286     94.71%     94.71% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              631      5.29%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total        11917                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples        11917                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0           11917    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total        11917                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples             11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             5.664345                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            2.117626                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                    57      0.48%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                  1489     12.49%     12.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                  4492     37.69%     50.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                  3884     32.59%     83.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                  1546     12.97%     96.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                 336      2.82%     99.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                  61      0.51%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                  18      0.15%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                  17      0.14%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                   4      0.03%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   2      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   7      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   4      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total               11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples            11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.193002                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.536679                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                  10125     84.96%     84.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1466     12.30%     97.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    211      1.77%     99.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     70      0.59%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     30      0.25%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     10      0.08%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      3      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total              11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67432                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67432    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         67432                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2353                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2353    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2353                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples         11917                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     144824637.073089                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    54624244.929811                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           75      0.63%      0.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          418      3.51%      4.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08         1077      9.04%     13.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         4506     37.81%     50.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         2222     18.65%     69.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08         1586     13.31%     82.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         1550     13.01%     95.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          255      2.14%     98.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08          116      0.97%     99.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08           59      0.50%     99.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           13      0.11%     99.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           11      0.09%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           15      0.13%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            2      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            6      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            4      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total           11917                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        144847268.693486      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                  17262592                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples        11917                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    5050398.590249                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   13672960.536501                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        10053     84.36%     84.36% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1550     13.01%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          203      1.70%     99.07% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           73      0.61%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           21      0.18%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           12      0.10%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            4      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total          11917                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       5054360.292380      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 602368                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           67432                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       95925.823051                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      95560.664654                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      10101.755213                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           96      0.14%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           30      0.04%      0.19% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        65503     97.14%     97.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          417      0.62%     97.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          391      0.58%     98.52% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          276      0.41%     98.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          292      0.43%     99.37% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          250      0.37%     99.74% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            3      0.00%     99.74% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%     99.74% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          168      0.25%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             67432                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               67432                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           1767391.075454                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          1488521.174693                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             67432    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            146000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          13707000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 67432                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              2353                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         50650424.139397                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        64034132.427434                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2353    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          178000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       453570000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                2353                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 69785                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             1707798.452389                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            1448550.126612                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               69785    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              133000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            13312000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   69785                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples        11917                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.052866                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.223775                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0            11287     94.71%     94.71% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              630      5.29%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total        11917                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples        11917                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0           11917    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total        11917                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples             11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             5.657212                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            2.133248                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                    76      0.64%      0.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                  1530     12.84%     13.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                  4448     37.32%     50.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                  3841     32.23%     83.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                  1549     13.00%     96.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                 366      3.07%     99.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                  51      0.43%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                  26      0.22%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                  16      0.13%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                   1      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                   2      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                   9      0.08%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                   2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total               11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples            11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.197281                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.534100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                  10053     84.36%     84.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1550     13.01%     97.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    203      1.70%     99.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     73      0.61%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     21      0.18%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     12      0.10%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      4      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total              11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       269934                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       269934    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total         269934                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         9331                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.972672                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.847911                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.639831                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         9330     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          9331                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples          11917                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      579743223.965763                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     547206787.078524                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     200522014.594752                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08           18      0.15%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08          319      2.68%      2.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08         1634     13.71%     16.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08         3076     25.81%     42.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08         3627     30.44%     72.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08         1892     15.88%     88.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08          859      7.21%     95.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09          323      2.71%     98.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09           90      0.76%     99.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09           23      0.19%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09           16      0.13%     99.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            9      0.08%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09           15      0.13%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            3      0.03%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            2      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            2      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            6      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            3      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total            11917                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         579827276.856242      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   69102592                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         11917                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     20023294.453302                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    39100769.030284                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        10198     85.58%     85.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1093      9.17%     94.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          254      2.13%     96.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          131      1.10%     97.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           41      0.34%     98.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           42      0.35%     98.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           69      0.58%     99.25% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08           30      0.25%     99.50% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08           16      0.13%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08           21      0.18%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            7      0.06%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            6      0.05%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            6      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total           11917                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        20041309.507650      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 2388481                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples           269932                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        104803.393077                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       104452.196859                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       10250.087020                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151          342      0.13%      0.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            4      0.00%      0.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          121      0.04%      0.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            9      0.00%      0.18% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687       261542     96.89%     97.07% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         3117      1.15%     98.22% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1158      0.43%     98.65% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1164      0.43%     99.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1178      0.44%     99.52% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          623      0.23%     99.75% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           36      0.01%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            4      0.00%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759          604      0.22%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           20      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527           10      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total             269932                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples               269934                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            441508.831789                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           734035.911323                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                  1696      0.63%      0.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000              2198      0.81%      1.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000             1286      0.48%      1.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000             2548      0.94%      2.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000             1351      0.50%      3.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000             1473      0.55%      3.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000             1353      0.50%      4.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000             1868      0.69%      5.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000             1348      0.50%      5.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000             1593      0.59%      6.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000             1423      0.53%      6.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000             1598      0.59%      7.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000             2046      0.76%      8.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000             1496      0.55%      8.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000             2003      0.74%      9.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             1443      0.53%      9.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             1764      0.65%     10.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000             1281      0.47%     11.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             1641      0.61%     11.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            1507      0.56%     12.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows             237018     87.81%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            9232500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                 269934                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples               9331                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          12772252.813203                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         17120822.315555                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             34      0.36%      0.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              5      0.05%      0.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              8      0.09%      0.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              4      0.04%      0.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              8      0.09%      0.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              3      0.03%      0.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             12      0.13%      0.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              8      0.09%      0.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              6      0.06%      0.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              5      0.05%      1.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              6      0.06%      1.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              5      0.05%      1.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              1      0.01%      1.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             10      0.11%      1.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              2      0.02%      1.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              5      0.05%      1.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             3      0.03%      1.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             9206     98.66%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        168459000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                 9331                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 279265                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              426755.558341                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             724166.615837                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                    1747      0.63%      0.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                2261      0.81%      1.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000               1351      0.48%      1.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               2873      1.03%      2.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000               1460      0.52%      3.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000               1579      0.57%      4.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000               1647      0.59%      4.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000               2170      0.78%      5.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000               1539      0.55%      5.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000               1784      0.64%      6.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000               1585      0.57%      7.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000               1809      0.65%      7.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000               4894      1.75%      9.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               1577      0.56%     10.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               2087      0.75%     10.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               1522      0.55%     11.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               1866      0.67%     12.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               1369      0.49%     12.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000               1737      0.62%     13.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000              1599      0.57%     13.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               240809     86.23%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              9232500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   279265                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        11917                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.239322                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.461823                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              9251     77.63%     77.63% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              2480     20.81%     98.44% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               186      1.56%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total         11917                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        11917                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0            11917    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total        11917                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples              11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             22.646304                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean            21.373440                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             7.841381                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                     63      0.53%      0.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                  1901     15.95%     16.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                 5066     42.51%     58.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                 3539     29.70%     88.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                 1099      9.22%     97.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                  171      1.43%     99.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                   30      0.25%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                   19      0.16%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                   16      0.13%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                    0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                    2      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                    9      0.08%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples             11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.782160                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.527374                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                 10198     85.58%     85.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  1347     11.30%     96.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                   131      1.10%     97.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    83      0.70%     98.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                    69      0.58%     99.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                  46      0.39%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                  21      0.18%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                  13      0.11%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                   6      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                   2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total               11917                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    15378375                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    446443                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3904458                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       84                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                15824818                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3904542                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         19282833                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         446527                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     19729360                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    57635824                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                57635836                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         57635824                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     57635836                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       238355725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   52070294                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     53008306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             44842599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     358082                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      5922384                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    44842599                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           68316746                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          33488651                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           205134084                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29137279                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     19321867                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   15379412                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3942455                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                403.007904                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              238355321.992096                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999998                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000002                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          7663496                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 33725409     63.58%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     646      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                15379412     28.99%     92.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3942455      7.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  53047929                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             5322                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           57720925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5322                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         10845.720594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        115276970                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       115276970                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     57630502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       57630502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     57630502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        57630502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     57630502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       57630502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         5322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         5322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          5322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         5322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         5322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    279195276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    279195276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    279195276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    279195276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    279195276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    279195276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     57635824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     57635824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     57635824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     57635824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     57635824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     57635824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 52460.593010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52460.593010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 52460.593010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52460.593010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 52460.593010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52460.593010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         5322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         5322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         5322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    268327724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268327724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    268327724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    268327724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    268327724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    268327724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 50418.587749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50418.587749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 50418.587749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50418.587749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 50418.587749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50418.587749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               165                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           421143                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.376343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            9173740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           421143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            21.782957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   255.376343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.997564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         39123816                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        39123816                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     14766787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14766787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      3725337                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3725337                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          198                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          198                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        78058                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        78058                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        55312                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        55312                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     18492124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        18492124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     18492322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       18492322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       525048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       525048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       107120                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       107120                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           60                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           60                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         8195                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8195                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        16638                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        16638                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       632168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        632168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       632228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       632228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  26020207548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26020207548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   5008752992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5008752992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    365596997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    365596997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    641245499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    641245499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  31028960540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31028960540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  31028960540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31028960540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     15291835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15291835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      3832457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3832457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          258                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          258                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        86253                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        86253                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        71950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        71950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     19124292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19124292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     19124550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19124550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.034335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.027951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.232558                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232558                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.095011                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.095011                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.231244                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.231244                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.033056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.033058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 49557.769095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49557.769095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 46758.336370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46758.336370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 44612.202196                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44612.202196                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 38541.020495                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38541.020495                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 49083.409062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49083.409062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 49078.750925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49078.750925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        77494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            77494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           57                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       525048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       525048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       107119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       107119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           60                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           60                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         8138                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8138                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        16637                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        16637                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       632167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       632167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       632227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       632227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  24969877018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24969877018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4794455998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4794455998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5206002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5206002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    344492999                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    344492999                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    607970501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    607970501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  29764333016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29764333016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  29769539018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29769539018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       966495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       966495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       409500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       409500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1375995                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1375995                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.034335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.027950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.232558                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232558                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.094350                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094350                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.231230                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231230                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.033056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.033058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 47557.322412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47557.322412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 44758.222145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44758.222145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 86766.700000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86766.700000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 42331.408086                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42331.408086                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 36543.277093                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36543.277093                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 47083.022391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47083.022391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 47086.788476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47086.788476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             10934                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    15627233                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    339162                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3127088                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       74                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    10                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                15966395                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3127162                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         18754321                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         339236                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     19093557                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    58956630                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                        13                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                58956643                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         58956630                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                             13                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     58956643                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       237014844                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   54658788                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     55428748                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             45420077                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     314933                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      7044549                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    45420077                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           65660469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          32840999                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           213142278                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           33035498                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     18787304                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   15628324                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3158980                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              12465065.588586                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              224549778.411414                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.947408                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.052592                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          9042627                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 36674410     66.12%     66.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     617      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                12      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                15628324     28.18%     94.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3158980      5.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  55462344                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             5398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           58957976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         10922.188959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        117918658                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       117918658                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     58951232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       58951232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     58951232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        58951232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     58951232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       58951232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         5398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          5398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         5398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         5398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    300714237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    300714237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    300714237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    300714237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    300714237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    300714237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     58956630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     58956630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     58956630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     58956630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     58956630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     58956630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 55708.454428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55708.454428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 55708.454428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55708.454428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 55708.454428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55708.454428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         5398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    289655763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289655763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    289655763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289655763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    289655763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289655763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 53659.830122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53659.830122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 53659.830122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53659.830122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 53659.830122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53659.830122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               194                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           320332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          254.875587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           10944568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           320332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            34.166327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   254.875587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.995608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         37951016                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        37951016                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     15137835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15137835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      2951397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2951397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          308                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          308                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        63762                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        63762                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        37044                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        37044                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     18089232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        18089232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     18089540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       18089540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       422084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       422084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       115827                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       115827                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           61                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           61                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         3152                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3152                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        22737                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        22737                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       537911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        537911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       537972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       537972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  20406451585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20406451585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   5604124492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5604124492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    137280499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    137280499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1053758000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   1053758000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       136000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       136000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  26010576077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26010576077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  26010576077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26010576077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     15559919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15559919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      3067224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3067224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          369                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          369                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        66914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        66914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        59781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        59781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     18627143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18627143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     18627512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18627512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.027126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.037763                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037763                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.165312                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.165312                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.047105                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.047105                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.380338                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.380338                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.028878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.028881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 48346.896791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48346.896791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 48383.576299                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48383.576299                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43553.457805                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43553.457805                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 46345.516119                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46345.516119                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 48354.794895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48354.794895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 48349.312003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48349.312003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        58359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            58359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       422084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       422084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       115827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       115827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           61                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         3096                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         3096                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        22736                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        22736                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       537911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       537911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       537972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       537972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  19562086979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19562086979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   5372468496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5372468496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6205000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6205000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    125268499                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125268499                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1008290000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008290000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       132000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       132000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  24934555475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24934555475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  24940760475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24940760475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1021495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1021495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       441000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       441000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1462495                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1462495                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.027126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.037763                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037763                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.165312                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165312                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.046268                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046268                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.380322                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380322                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.028878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.028881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 46346.430992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46346.430992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 46383.559067                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46383.559067                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 101721.311475                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101721.311475                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 40461.401486                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40461.401486                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 44347.730471                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44347.730471                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 46354.425686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46354.425686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 46360.703670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46360.703670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              9614                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          194.999683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   194.999683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.761718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.761718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data          156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.609375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.609375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.609375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data          180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.703125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.703125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.703125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          199.059898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   199.059898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.777578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.777578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.667969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.667969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        2091                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       1851                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    2092                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   1851                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             3942                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         3943                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                        9745                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                    9745                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                             9745                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                         9745                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       238355788                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                       9567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        11407                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                10515                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        663                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1123                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       10515                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              18935                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              7145                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               41750                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               4276                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         4288                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       2168                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      2120                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              238277755.996036                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              78032.003964                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000327                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999673                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             1824                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     7445     63.14%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      53      0.45%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.05%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    2168     18.39%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   2120     17.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     11792                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              232                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              24678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           106.370690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            19722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           19722                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           9513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total            9513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total           9513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14250500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14250500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14250500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14250500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14250500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14250500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total         9745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total         9745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 61424.568966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61424.568966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 61424.568966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61424.568966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 61424.568966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61424.568966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13786500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13786500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13786500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13786500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13786500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13786500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 59424.568966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59424.568966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 59424.568966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59424.568966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 59424.568966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59424.568966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                31                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               87                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          222.134411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               3718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               87                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            42.735632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   222.134411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.867713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.867713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             7998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses            7998                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         3692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            3692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         3715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           3715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            6                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2761999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2761999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1095000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1095000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       350500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       350500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       154000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       154000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3856999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3856999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3856999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3856999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           29                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           45                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.050149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013858                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013858                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.206897                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.206897                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.195652                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.195652                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.111111                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27346.524752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27346.524752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        43800                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43800                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 38944.444444                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38944.444444                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        30800                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30800                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30611.103175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30611.103175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29219.689394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29219.689394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           44                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               44                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2559001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2559001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1045000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1045000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       202500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       202500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       143000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       143000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       144000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       144000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3604001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3604001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3806501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3806501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       137500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       137500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.050149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013858                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013858                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.206897                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206897                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25336.643564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25336.643564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        41800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        41800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        33750                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        33750                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 47666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        28800                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        28800                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28603.182540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28603.182540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28837.128788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28837.128788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                24                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 119177891000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -498194323.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       669076934.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -336083472.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       451361424.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -2272009958.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       3348074995.199999
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -632589004.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       663537484.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -602008734351.359497
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       667012318986.239624
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -186089415816.959961
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       206533064836.800079
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -8313291435840.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       9210635251344.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.119178
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       713726357.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       250743224.592526
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       90273191.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       16707947.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       31009904.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       7103555.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       106738649.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       133996150.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       66336795.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       673678.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       90273191.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       116602224.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       25.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       116602199.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       10952.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       30853768.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       6901485.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       38826860.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       785764.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       947233.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       222972.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       4294321
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       269932.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       9330.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       282568.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1885561.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       62267.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       269123.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
